★Question 1
Amazon EC2 provides virtual computing environments known as .
Amazon EC2提供了虚拟计算环境。
A. instances
B. volumes
C. microsystems
D. servers
Answer:

★Question 2
You are migrating an existing enterprise application to AWS. It requires standard file system access
from multiple instances. It also requires high storage throughput with consistently low latencies.
You are looking for a storage solution that will grow and shrink capacity automatically. How can you
accomplish this in AWS?
您正在将一个现有的企业应用程序迁移到AWS。它需要来自多个实例的标准文件系统访问。
它还需要高的存储吞吐量和持续的低延迟。您正在寻找一个能够自动增加和缩小容量的存储解决方案。
如何在AWS中实现这一点?
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket that the application can use for its storage requirements.
B. Create an Amazon EFS file system and mount it on all of the application instances.
C. Launch an EBS-backed EC2 instance. Create and share an NFS mount with the application.
D. Launch an Amazon Redshift cluster with dense storage nodes to use with the application.
Answer:

★Question 3
Which Auto Scaling features allow you to scale ahead of expected increases in load? (Select TWO.)
哪些自动扩展特性允许您在预期的负载增加之前进行扩展?(选择两个。)
A. Cooldown period   /Auto Scaling 的冷却时间  扩展冷却时间有助于防止 Auto Scaling 组在先前活动产生明显的影响之前启动或终止其他实例。
B. Lifecycle hooks    /生命周期挂钩    生命周期挂钩使您能够在 组启动或终止实例时通过暂停Auto Scaling实例来执行自定义操作。
C. Desired capacity
D. Scheduled scaling   /针对 Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling 的计划扩展   通过计划扩展，您可以设置自己的扩展计划
E. Health check grace period   / 运行状况检查宽限期  服务计划程序现在允许您定义宽限期，防止实例化的新任务过早关闭。 
F. Metric-based scaling
Answer:

★Question 4
You have been asked to design a fault-tolerant and scalable web application across three Availability
Zones. The presentation logic will reside on web servers behind an ELB Classic Load Balancer, and the
application logic will reside on a set of app servers behind a second load balancer.
How should you use Auto Scaling groups?
您被要求跨三个可用性区域设计一个容错和可伸缩的web应用程序。
表示逻辑将驻留在ELB经典负载均衡器后面的web服务器上，
而应用程序逻辑将驻留在第二个负载均衡器后面的一组应用服务器上。
如何使用自动伸缩组?

A. Deploy one Auto Scaling group that includes all the web and app servers across all Availability
Zones.
B. Deploy three Auto Scaling groups: one for each Availability Zone that includes both web and app
servers.
C. Deploy two Auto Scaling groups: one for the web servers in all Availability Zones and one for the app
servers in all Availability Zones.
D. Deploy six Auto Scaling groups: a web server group in each Availability Zone and an app server
group in each Availability Zone.
Answer:

★Question 5
You are designing a scalable web application with stateless(无状态)  web servers. Which service or feature
is well suited to store user session information?
您正在设计一个具有无状态web服务器的可伸缩web应用程序。
哪个服务或特性非常适合存储用户会话信息?
A. Amazon EBS
B. Amazon DynamoDB 
C. Amazon EC2 instance store 实例存储
D. Amazon SQS 消息队列
Answer:
 客户信息存储，需要用到DB

★Question 6
Your Amazon EC2 instances must access the AWS API, so you created a NAT gateway in an existing subnet.
When you try to access the AWS API, you are unsuccessful. 
What could be preventing access?
您的Amazon EC2实例必须访问AWS API，因此您在一个现有子网中创建了一个NAT网关。
当您尝试访问AWS API时，您将失败。
是什么阻止了访问?

A. The NAT gateway subnet does not have a route to an Internet gateway. 到internet没有路由
B. The instances need an IAM granting access to the NAT gateway.  没有权限
C. The NAT gateway does not have a route to the virtual private gateway. 到私有子网没有的路由
D. The instances are not in the same subnet as the NAT gateway.
Answer: NAT gateway 需要放到共有子网、弹性ip地址、路由表

资料 路由选项
问题：公有子网，私有子网 定义

★Question 7
A company has a workflow that uploads video files from their data center to AWS for transcoding.
They use Amazon EC2 worker instances that pull transcoding jobs from SQS.
Why is SQS an appropriate service for this scenario?
一个公司有一个从他们的数据中心上传视频文件到AWS进行代码转换的工作流程。
它们使用Amazon EC2工作者实例从SQS拉出代码转换作业。
为什么SQS是适合这种场景的服务?
A. SQS can accommodate message payloads of any size.
B. SQS checks the health of the worker instances.  SQS不可以Route53可以
C. SQS synchronously provides transcoding output.
D. SQS decouples the transcoding task from the upload. 可解耦
Answer:
SQS（标准队列） 特点： 1，解决流量峰值，任意吞吐量级别传输，
                              2，不丢失数据，
                              3，分离解耦，让其独立运行
SQS FIFO 先进先出的队列。保证顺序

问题：SQS是什么  关联知识SNS
      Route53定义

死信队列和延迟队列
延迟队列： 推迟特定秒数，防止重复处理一些消息
死信队列： 处理失败的数据会保留下来

★Question 8
Your existing web application requires a persistent key-value store database that must service
50,000 reads/second. Your company is looking at 10% growth in traffic and data volume month
over month for the next several years.
Which service meets these requirements?
您现有的web应用程序需要一个持久的键值存储数据库，该数据库必须每秒处理50,000次读取。
在接下来的几年里，你的公司的流量和数据量将以每月10%的速度增长。
哪个服务符合这些要求?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon SQS
D. Amazon RDS
Answer:
 key-value 数据库
问题 DynamoDB特点
 1 key-value 
 2 无限容量
 3 快?

★Question 9
You've been tasked with choosing a datastore to persist GPS coordinates for a new app. The service needs
consistent(持久), single-digit-millisecond latency at any scale. Which AWS service meets your requirements?
你的任务是为一个新的应用程序选择一个数据存储来持久化GPS坐标。该服务需要在任何范围内保持一致的、
单数量级的毫秒延迟。
哪些AWS服务符合您的要求?

A. Amazon Redshift    快速，完全托管的 数据仓库  存储用
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon S3          比较慢
D. Amazon RDS
Answer:
问题：Redshift，RDS

★Question 10
You originally built a VPC for a two-tier application. The subnets for the web and data tiers use all the
IP address space in the VPC. Now you want to add subnets for an application tier.How can you
accommodate the new subnets in your VPC?
您最初是为两层应用程序创建VPC。
web层和数据层的子网占用VPC内的所有IP地址空间。
现在需要为应用层添加子网。
如何在VPC中容纳新的子网?
A. Reduce the CIDR block ranges of the existing subnets to make room for the new subnets.
B. Build a new VPC that can accommodate all the subnets, and migrate the application to the new
VPC.
C. Change the CIDR block for the VPC to create enough free address space for the new subnets. 
D. Create the new subnets in the VPC; the VPC will automatically scale to accommodate the new
subnets.                                VPC没法自动扩容
Answer:
因为子网不能更改
CIDR block 可以新创建，但是已有的不能更改大小

VPC内有多个子网

问题 子网相关知识
     

★Question 11
An application on an Amazon EC2 instance routinely stops responding to requests and requires a reboot to
recover. The application logs are already exported into Amazon CloudWatch, and you notice that the problem
consistently follows the appearance of a specific message in the log. The application team is working to
address the bug, but has not provided a date for the fix. What workaround can you implement to automate
recovery of the instance until the fix is deployed?
Amazon EC2实例上的应用程序通常会停止响应请求，并需要重新引导才能恢复。
应用程序日志已经导出到Amazon CloudWatch中，您注意到问题总是随着日志中特定消息的出现而出现。
应用程序团队正在努力解决这个bug，但是还没有提供修复的日期。
在部署修复程序之前，您可以实现什么解决方案来自动恢复实例?
A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm on an Amazon CloudWatch Logs filter for that message;
based on that alarm, trigger an Amazon CloudWatch action to reboot the instance.
B. Create an AWS CloudTrail alarm on low CPU; based on that alarm, trigger an Amazon SNS
message to the Operations team.
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm on instance memory usage; based on that alarm, trigger an
Amazon CloudWatch action to reboot the instance.
D. Create an AWS CloudTrail alarm to detect the deadlock; based on that alarm, trigger an Amazon
SNS message to the Operations team.
Answer:
Amazon CloudWatch alarm 过滤器
Amazon CloudWatch 没法监测内存

★Question 12
You are architecting a web application that will be backed by a relational database. The application will be
read-heavy, and database queries will be computationally intensive. How can you improve overall application
response for users?
您正在构建一个由关系数据库支持的web应用程序。
应用程序的读取量很大，数据库查询的计算量很大。
如何提高用户的整体应用程序响应?
A. Use ElastiCache to store critical pieces of data in memory for low-latency access.
B. use Amazon SQS to distribute messages among workers that are less busy.
C. Use an Auto Scaling group and ELB Classic Load Balancer for the application tier.
D. Use Data Pipeline to replicate your relational data across all of your web tier nodes.
Answer:
ElastiCache 内存数据库 。。内存（快）
            不是永久性
            
问题：ElastiCache定义
      ELB定义
      SQS定义

★Question 13
Your Amazon VPC has a public subnet with a route that sends all Internet traffic to the Internet gateway. An
Amazon EC2 instance in the public subnet has an assigned private IP address. The instance belongs to a security
group set to allow all outbound traffic. The instance cannot access the Internet. Why could the Internet be
unreachable from this instance?
您的Amazon VPC有一个公共子网，它有一条路由，可以将所有的Internet流量发送到Internet网关。
公有子网中的Amazon EC2实例具有已分配的私有IP地址。
该实例属于一个设置为允许所有出站流量的安全组。
实例无法访问Internet。
为什么在这个实例中无法访问互联网?
A. The instance does not have a public IP address.
B. The internet gateway security group must allow all outbound traffic.
C. The instance security group must allow all inbound traffic.
D. The instance "Source/Destination check" property must be enabled.
Answer:
必须有共有ip

问题：Source/Destination

★Question 14 题不全
storage service with durability and low latency.
Which service meets your needs?
A. Amazon ElastiCache
B. Amazon S3                    不是结构化
C. Amazon EC2 instance storage  不是永久
D. Amazon DynamoDB  非关系型数据库，可以是结构化
Answer:

★Question 15
You're building an API backend available at services.yourcompany.com. The API is implemented with
API Gateway and Lambda. You successfully tested the API using curl. You implemented Javascript to
call the API from a webpage on your corporate website, www.yourcompany.com. When you access
that page in your browser, you get the following error: "The same origin policy disallows reading the
remote resource" How can you allow your
corporate webpages to invoice the API?
您正在构建一个可用于services.yourcompany.com的API后端。
API是通过API Gateway和Lambda实现的。
您成功地使用curl测试了API。
您实现了Javascript来从公司网站www.yourcompany.com上的网页调用API。
当您在浏览器中访问该页面时，您会得到以下错误:“同源策略不允许读取远程资源”
您如何允许您的公司网页为API开具发票?
A. Disable CORS in the API Gateway.
B. Disable CORS in the Javascript frontend.
C. Enable CORS in the API Gateway.
D. Enable CORS in the Javascript frontend.
Answer:

问题：CORS 跨源资源共享

★Question 16
Your company's IT policies mandate that all critical data must be duplicated in two physical
locations at least 100 miles apart.  题意 : 两个不同可用区
Which storage option meets this requirement?
您公司的IT政策要求所有关键数据必须复制到两个物理中
地点至少相隔100英里。
哪个存储选项符合这个要求?
A. Two Amazon S3 buckets in different regions
B. One Amazon S3 bucket
C. One Amazon Glacier archive
D. Two Amazon S3 buckets in the same region
Answer:

问题：region

★Question 17
Which AWS services are valid origins for an Amazon CloudFront distribution? (Select TWO.)
哪些AWS服务是Amazon CloudFront发行版的有效来源?(选择两个。)
A. Amazon RDS
B. ELB Classic Load Balancer
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon DynamoDB
E. Amazon Galcier 速度太慢
Answer:BC

问题：Amazon CloudFront
CloudFront 可以无缝使用任何 AWS 源，例如 Amazon S3、Amazon EC2, Elastic Load Balancing 或任何自定义 HTTP 源
源不可以用DB

★Question 18
Your company has separate AWS accounts for development and production. Each developer is
assigned an IAM user in the development account. Developers occasionally need to access the
production account to roll our changes to that environment. Your company does not allow the
creation of IAM users in the production account.
What strategy will allow the development team to access the production account?
贵公司在开发和生产方面有单独的AWS账户。
每个开发人员在开发帐户中分配一个IAM用户。
开发人员偶尔需要访问生产帐户，以便对该环境进行更改。
贵公司不允许在生产帐户中创建IAM用户。
什么样的策略将允许开发团队访问生产帐户?
A. Create an IAM role in the development account. Allow IAM users in the development account to
assume the role.
B. Create an IAM group in the production account. Grant IAM users in the development account
membership in the group.
C. Create an IAM role in the production account. Allow IAM users in the
development account to assume the role.
D. Create an IAM group in the development account. Grant IAM users in the development account
membership in the group.
Answer:

role 临时性，管理别组进来的用户访问权限
group 管理自己用户的统一权限之类

★Question 19
A colleague asked for your advice about how to easily deploy, monitor, and scale a three-tier LAMP
(Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) application on AWS. Your colleague has time and staffing constraints
and wants to deploy and manage the application with minimal effort. Which AWS service would
you suggest?
一位同事向您咨询如何在AWS上轻松部署、监控和扩展三层LAMP (Linux、Apache、MySQL、PHP)应用程序。
您的同事有时间和人员限制，并且希望用最少的努力部署和管理应用程序。
您会推荐哪种AWS服务?
A. Elastic Beanstalk
B. Data Pipeline
C. CloudFormation
D. CodeDeploy
Answer:

问题：Elastic Beanstalk  豆荚 您只需上传代码，
                      Elastic Beanstalk 即可自动处理包括容量预配置、负载均衡、
                                                   自动扩展和应用程序运行状况监控在内的部署工作
           CloudFormation     用模板构筑环境
           CodeDeploy           实现代码部署自动化以确保应用程序的正常运行时间

★Question 20
Which services can invoke AWS Lambda functions? (Select TWO.)
哪些服务可以调用AWS Lambda函数?(选择两个。)
A. Amazon SNS              消息队列 触发事件
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon Route53
D. Amazon DynamoDB         事件触发比如增删改查
E. Elastic Load Balancing
Answer:

可以触发lambda一览
白皮书查看

★Question 21
Which aspects of Amazon EC2 security are the responsibility of AWS? (Select TWO.)
AWS负责亚马逊EC2安全的哪些方面?(选择两个。)
A. VPC and security group configuration
B. Physical security of hardware
C. Application authentication
D. Virtualization infrastructure
E. Guest operating systems
Answer:
题意：AWS的责任划分
AWS： 硬件，服务区维护，

★Question 22
Your company has set up an application in eu-west-1 with a disaster recovery site in eu-central-1. You want to
be notified of any AWS API activity in regions other than these two. How can you monitor AWS API activity
in other regions?
您的公司已经在eu-west-1中设置了一个应用程序，并在eu-central-1中设置了一个灾难恢复站点。
您希望在这两个区域以外的任何AWS API活动时得到通知。
如何监控AWS API在其他地区的活动?
A. Create a CloudWatch alarm for CloudTrail events.
B. Create a CloudWatch alarm for Trusted Advisor.
C. Create a CloudWatch alarm for VPC flow logs.
D. Create a CloudWatch alarm for SSH key usage.
Answer:
问题：CloudTrail
      Trusted Advisor

   
★Question 23
What services will help identify Amazon EC2 instances with underutilized CPU capacity? (Select TWO.)
哪些服务可以帮助识别CPU利用率不足的Amazon EC2实例?(选择两个。)
A. Amazon CloudWatch  内存不行，其他都行
B. Cost Explorer
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS CloudTrail
E. Amazon EC2 usage reports
Answer:AE

★Question 24
You have a Cassandra cluster running in private subnets in an Amazon VPC. A new application in a
different Amazon VPC needs access to the database. How can the new application access the
database?
在Amazon VPC的私有子网中运行Cassandra集群。
不同Amazon VPC中的新应用程序需要访问数据库。
新的应用程序如何访问数据库?
A. Set up a dual-homed instance with ENIs in both Amazon VPCs.
B. Set up a VPC peering connection between the two Amazon VPCs.
C. Set up a NAT Gateway in the database's Amazon VPC.
D. Set up a NAT Gateway in the application's Amazon VPC.
Answer:
讲课资料参照
Cassandra → nosql数据库

★Question 25
Which security functions are based on AWS STS? (Select TWO.)
哪些安全功能是基于AWS STS的?(选择两个。)
A. Using IAM roles with Amazon EC2 instances
B. Adding conditions to managed policies
C. Using access keys to authenticate IAM users
D. Using web federated identity to authenticate users
E. Assigning managed policies to IAM groups
Answer:AD
问题：STS定义

★Question 26  竞价实例 不满一小时不收费，按照定价收费，
You bid $0.22 for an Amazon EC2 Spot Instance when the market price was $0.20. For 90 minutes,
the market price remained at $0.20. Then the market price changed to $0.25, and your instance was
terminated by AWS.
What was your cost of running the instance for the entire duration?
当市场价格为0.20美元时，您为Amazon EC2现货实例出价0.22美元。
在90分钟的时间里，市场价格保持在0.20美元。
然后市场价格变为0.25美元，您的实例被AWS终止。
在整个过程中运行实例的成本是多少?
A. $0.47
B. $0.20
C. $0.40
D. $0.22
Answer:B

★Question 27
Your organization is looking for a solution that can help the business with streaming data. Several
services will require access to read and process the same stream concurrently.
What AWS service meets the business requirements?
您的组织正在寻找一种解决方案，以帮助企业处理流数据。
多个服务将需要访问来同时读取和处理同一个流。
什么AWS服务满足业务需求?
A. Amazon Kinesis Firehose
B. Amazon Kinesis Streams
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. Amazon SQS
Answer:B
streaming（流）  →  A、B（Kinesis 流服务）

问题
Kinesis 流服务 资料查找
Kinesis data firehose
kinesis data steams
kinesis video Steams
amazom kinesis Kinesis Data analytics

同时收集大量数据，用流数据，而不用数据库

★Question 28
A customer's security team requires the logging of all network access attempts to Amazon EC2
instances in their production VPC on AWS.
Which configuration will meet the security team's requirement?
客户的安全团队需要将所有网络访问尝试记录到Amazon EC2
在AWS上的生产VPC中的实例。
哪种配置将满足安全团队的需求?
A. Enable CloudTrail for the production VPC.
B. Enable VPC Flow Logs for the production VPC.
C. Enable both CloudTrail and VPC Flow Logs for the production VPC.
D. Enable both CloudTrail and VPC Flow Logs for the AWS account.
Answer:
vpc流

★Question 29
Your company runs an application that generates several thousand 1-GB reports a month.
Approximately 10% of these reports will be accessed once during the first 30 days and must be
available on demand. After 30 days, reports are no longer accessed as a part of normal business
processes but must be retained for compliance reasons.
Which architecture would meet these requirements with the lowest cost?
您的公司运行的应用程序每月生成几千个1 gb的报告。
大约10%的报告将在头30天内访问一次，并且必须按需提供。
30天后，报表将不再作为正常业务流程的一部分进行访问，但出于遵从性原因，必须保留报表。
哪种体系结构能够以最低的成本满足这些需求?
A. Upload the reports to Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Set a lifecycle configuration on the
bucket to transition the reports to Amazon Glacier after 30 days.
B. Upload the reports to Amazon S3 Standard ?Infrequent Access storage class. Set a lifecycle
configuration on the bucket to transition the reports to Amazon Glacier after 30 days.
C. Upload the reports to Amazon Glacier. When reports are requested, copy them to Amazon S3
Standard storage class for access. Delete the copied reports after they have been viewed.
D. Upload the reports to Amazon S3 Standard ?Infrequent Access storage class. When reports are
requested, copy them to Amazon S3 Standard storage class for access. Delete the copied reports after
they have been viewed.
Answer:
不经常访问的S3 速度快

单区访问，安全性有关系
★Question 30
A stray Amazon EC2 r3.8xlarge instance is running in your AWS account. Before terminating it, you
want to find the owner to confirm that it is not needed. Where can you find the identity that
launched this instance?
一个游离的Amazon EC2 r3.8xlarge实例正在您的AWS帐户中运行。
在终止它之前，您需要找到它的所有者来确认它不需要。
你能从哪里找到那个身份
启动该实例?
A. VPC flow logs
B. ELB access logs
C. CloudTrail logs
D. Operating system logs
Answer:

★Question 31
You are running a web application with four Amazon EC2 instances across two Availability Zones.
The instances are in an Auto Scaling group behind an ELB Classic Load Balancer. A scaling event
adds one instance to the group. After the event, you notice that, although all instances are
serving traffic, some instances are serving more traffic than others. Which of the following could
be the problem?
您正在跨两个可用性区域运行一个具有四个Amazon EC2实例的web应用程序。
实例位于ELB经典负载均衡器后面的自动伸缩组中。
缩放事件将一个实例添加到组中。
事件之后，您会注意到，尽管所有实例都在服务流量，但有些实例比其他实例服务的流量更多。
下列哪项可能是问题所在?
A. Cross-zone load balancing is not configured on the ELB Classic Load Balancer.
B. Access logs are not enabled on the ELB Classic Load Balancer.
C. A SSL/TLS certificate has not been deployed on the ELB Classic Load Balancer.
D. Sticky bits is not enabled on the ELB Classic Load Balancer.
Answer:

ELB 
 1 classic 经典ELB
 2 application ALB 默认启用负载均衡
 3 NLB  不启用负载均衡

★Question 32
You are running a mobile media application and are considering API Gateway for the client entrypoint.
What benefits would this provide? (Select TWO.)
您正在运行一个移动媒体应用程序，并考虑将API网关作为客户端入口点。
这会带来什么好处呢?(选择两个。)
A. Caching API responses
B. IP blacklisting
C. Intrusion prevention
D. Load balancing
E. Throttling traffic
Answer:
API Gateway 优点


★Question 33
Your application currently stores data on an unencrypted EBS volume. A new security policy
mandates that all data must be encrypted at rest. How can you encrypt the data?
您的应用程序目前将数据存储在一个未加密的EBS卷上。
新的安全策略要求所有数据必须在静止状态下进行加密。
如何加密数据?
A. Create a snapshot of the volume. Create a new, encrypted volume from the snapshot. Replace the
volume.
B. Stop the instance. Detach the volume. Modify the EBS settings to encrypt the volume. Reattach the
volume. Start the instance.
C. Create a snapshot of the volume. Make an encrypted copy of the snapshot. Create a new volume from
the new snapshot. Replace the volume.
D. Modify the EBS settings to encrypt the volume. You do need to detach the volume or stop the
instance.
Answer:
EBS加密卷

★Question 34
You have a web portal composed of two services. Each service must scale independently. Both
services should be served under the same domain. Which configuration allows this?
您有一个由两个服务组成的web门户。
每个服务必须独立伸缩。
两个服务应该在同一个域中提供。
哪种配置允许这样做?
A. Use two AWS Application Load Balancers: one for each service. Assign the same CNAME to both.
B. Use one AWS Classic Load Balancer. Create a redirect in the web server based on user's source IPs.
C. Use two AWS Classic Load Balancers: one for each service. Assign the same CNAME to both.
D. Use one AWS Application Load Balancer. Specify listener rules to route requests to each service.
Answer:
       ALB  1，使用动态端口映射
            2，能设置监听规则
 
问题 ： ALB Application Load Balancers

★Question 35
You need a solution to distribute traffic evenly across all of the containers for a task running on
Amazon ECS. Your task definitions define dynamic host port mapping for your containers. What
AWS feature provides this functionality?
您需要一种解决方案，以便在Amazon ECS上运行的任务的所有容器中均匀地分配流量。
任务定义为容器定义了动态主机端口映射。
AWS的哪些特性提供了这个功能?
A. Application Load Balancers support dynamic host port mapping.
B. CloudFront custom origins support dynamic host port mapping.
C. All Elastic Load Balancing instances support dynamic host port mapping.
D. Classic Load Balancers support dynamic host port mapping.
Answer:

★Question 36
A Solution Architect is designing a disaster recovery solution for a 5 TB Amazon Redshift cluster. The
recovery site must be at least 500 miles (805 kilometers) from the live site. How should the
Architect meet these requirements?
一个解决方案架构师正在为一个5tb的Amazon Redshift集群设计一个灾难恢复解决方案。
回收地点必须距离现场至少500英里(805公里)。
架构师应该如何满足这些需求?
A. Use AWS CloudFormation to deploy the cluster in a second region.
B. Take a snapshot of the cluster and copy it to another Availability Zone.
C. Modify the Redshift cluster to span two regions.
D. Enable cross-region snapshots to a different region.
Answer:500miles  另一个区域里
   跨区域copy  cross-region snapshots

★Question 37
A customer has written an application that uses Amazon S3 exclusively as a data store. The application works
well until the customer increases the rate at which the application is updating information. The customer
now reports that outdated data occasionally appears when the application accesses objects in Amazon S3.
What could be the problem, given that the application logic is otherwise correct?
一个客户编写了一个专门使用Amazon S3作为数据存储的应用程序。
应用程序运行良好，直到客户提高应用程序更新信息的速度。
客户现在报告说，当应用程序访问Amazon S3中的对象时，偶尔会出现过时的数据。
如果应用程序逻辑在其他方面是正确的，那么问题是什么呢?
A. The application is reading parts of objects from Amazon S3 using a range header.
B. The application is reading objects from Amazon S3 using parallel object requests.
C. The application is updating records by writing new objects with unique keys.
D. The application is updating records by overwriting existing objects with the same keys.
Answer:
最终一致性/S3不提供强一致性
S3 存储桶
   可以同时多人更新

   DynamoDB可以有强一致性

★Question 38
A Solutions Architect is designing a new social media application. The application must provide a
secure method for uploading profile photos. Each user should be able to upload a profile photo into
a shared storage location for one week after their profile is created. Which approach will meet all of
these requirements?
一位解决方案架构师正在设计一个新的社交媒体应用程序。
应用程序必须为上传个人资料照片提供一个安全的方法。
在个人资料创建后的一周内，每个用户都可以将个人资料照片上传到共享存储位置。
哪种方法将满足所有这些需求?
A. Use Amazon Kinesis（流） with AWS CloudTrail for auditing the specific times when profile photos are
uploaded.
B. Use Amazon EBS volumes with IAM policies restricting user access to specific time periods.
C. Use Amazon S3 with the default private access policy and generate pre-signed URLs each time a new
site profile is created.
D. Use Amazon CloudFront with AWS CloudTrail for auditing the specific times when profile photos are
uploaded.
Answer:  通过url访问，提供安全性

★Question 39
An application requires block storage（块存储） for file updates. The data is 500 GB and must continuously sustain 100
MiB/s of aggregate read/write operations.
Which storage option is appropriate for this application?
一个应用程序需要块存储(块存储)文件更新。
数据大小为500gb，必须持续支持100mib /s的聚合读写操作。
哪种存储选择适合这个应用程序?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon EFS 网络存储器  100M/s不可能
C. Amazon EBS
D. Amazon Glacier
Answer:

★Question 40
A mobile application serves scientific articles from individual files in an Amazon S3 bucket. Articles older than
30 days are rarely read. Articles older than 60 days no longer need to be available through the application,
but the application owner would like to keep them for historical purposes.
Which cost-effective solution BEST meets these requirements?
移动应用程序提供来自Amazon S3 bucket中的单个文件的科学文章。
超过30天的文章很少被阅读。
超过60天的文章不再需要通过应用程序获得，但应用程序所有者希望保留它们以供历史使用。
哪个性价比高的解决方案最能满足这些要求?
A. Create a Lambda function to move files older than 30 days to Amazon EBS and move files older than 60
days to Amazon Glacier.
B. Create a Lambda function to move files older than 30 days to Amazon Glacier and move files
older than 60 days to Amazon EBS.
C. Create lifecycle rules to move files older than 30 days to Amazon S3 Standard Infrequent Access and
move files older than 60 days to Amazon Glacier.
D. Create lifecycle rules to move files older than 30 days to Amazon Glacier and move files older
than 60 days to Amazon S3 Standard Infrequent Access.
Answer: 题意 生命周期

★Question 41
An organization is currently hosting a large amount of frequently accessed data consisting of key-value
pairs and semi-structured documents in their data center. They are planning to move this data to AWS.
Which of one of the following services MOST effectively meets their needs?
一个组织目前在其数据中心中托管了大量频繁访问的数据，这些数据包括键值对和半结构化文档。
他们计划将这些数据转移到AWS。
下列哪项服务最有效地满足了他们的需求?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon RDS
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon Aurora
Answer:查一下选项

★Question 42
A Lambda function must execute a query against an Amazon RDS database in a private subnet.
Which steps are required to allow the Lambda function to access the Amazon RDS database? (Select two.)
Lambda函数必须对私有子网中的Amazon RDS数据库执行查询。
允许Lambda函数访问Amazon RDS数据库需要哪些步骤?
(选择两个。)
A. Create a VPC Endpoint for Amazon RDS.
B. Create the Lambda function within the Amazon RDS VPC.
C. Change the ingress rules of Lambda security group, allowing the Amazon RDS security group.
D. Change the ingress rules of the Amazon RDS security group, allowing the Lambda security group.
E. Add an Internet Gateway (IGW) to the VPC, route the private subnet to the IGW.
Answer:
知识点
  lambda是aws服务 
  安全组面向实例

终端节点Endpoint： 不支持Amazon RDS 所以A错误


查： 怎么访问访问子网： 

★Question 43
A Solutions Architect needs to build a resilient data warehouse using Amazon Redshift. The Architect needs to
rebuild the Redshift cluster in another region.
Which approach can the Architect take to address this requirement?
解决方案架构师需要使用Amazon Redshift构建一个弹性数据仓库。
架构师需要在另一个区域重建Redshift cluster。
架构师可以采用哪种方法来满足这个需求?
A. Modify the Redshift cluster and configure *cross-region snapshots* to the other region.
B. Modify the Redshift cluster to take snapshots of the Amazon EBS volumes each day, sharing
those snapshots with the other region.
C. Modify the Redshift cluster and configure the backup and specify the Amazon S3 bucket in the
other region.
D. Modify the Redshift cluster to use AWS Snowball in export mode with data delivered to the other
region.
Answer:

★Question 44
A popular e-commerce application runs on AWS. The application encounters performance issues. The database
is unable to handle the amount of queries and load during peak times. The database is running on the RDS
Aurora engine on the largest instance size available. What should an administrator do to improve performance?
一个流行的电子商务应用程序在AWS上运行。
应用程序遇到性能问题。
数据库无法在高峰时间处理大量查询和加载。
数据库在RDS Aurora引擎上以可用的最大实例大小运行。
管理员应该做什么来提高性能?
管理员应该做什么来提高性能?
A. Convert the database to Amazon Redshift.
B. Create a CloudFront distribution.
C. Convert the database to use EBS Provisioned IOPS.
D. Create one or more read replicas.
Answer:
D

关键字【Aurora】【queries】
RDS提供的服务  只读副本（read replicas）

★Question 45
A Solutions Architect is designing the architecture for a new three-tier web-based e-commerce site that must be
available 24/7. Requests are expected to range from 100 to 10,000 each minute. Usage can vary depending on
time of day, holidays, and promotions. The design should be able to handle these volumes, with the ability to
handle higher volumes if necessary. How should the Architect design the architecture to ensure the web tier is
cost-optimized and can handle the expected traffic? (Select two.)
一个解决方案架构师正在为一个新的三层基于web的电子商务网站设计架构，该站点必须全天候可用。
预计每分钟有100到10000个请求。
使用情况可以根据一天的时间、假期和促销活动而有所不同。
设计应该能够处理这些卷，并在必要时能够处理更高的卷。
架构师应该如何设计架构来确保web层的成本优化，并能够处理预期的流量?
(选择两个。)
A. Launch Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an ELB.  负载均衡  关键字【流量不稳定】
B. Store all static files in a multi-AZ Amazon Aurora database.
C. Create an CloudFront distribution pointing to static content in Amazon S3. 边缘站点
D. Use Amazon Route 53 to route traffic to the correct region.
E. Use Amazon S3 multi-part uploads to improve upload times. 知识点 S3支持分段上传
Answer:AC
24/7 24小时7天 不能中断


★Question 46
A Solution Architect is designing a three-tier web application. The Architect wants to restrict access to the
database tier to accept traffic from the application servers only. However, these application servers are in an
Auto Scaling group and may vary in quantity.
How should the Architect configure the database servers to meet the requirements?
解决方案架构师正在设计一个三层web应用程序。
架构师希望限制对数据库层的访问，只接受来自应用服务器的流量。
但是，这些应用程序服务器属于一个自动伸缩组，数量可能不同。
架构师应如何配置数据库服务器以满足需求?
A. Configure the database security group to allow database traffic from the application server IP
addresses. 机器数量不固定 所以不能用ip
B. Configure the database security group to allow database traffic from the application server
security group.
C. Configure the database subnet network ACL to deny all inbound non-database traffic from the
application-tier subnet.
D. Configure the database subnet network ACL to allow inbound database traffic from the
application-tier subnet.
Answer:
考点 【network ACL】 【安全组】
d？

★Question 47
A call center application consists of a three-tier application using Auto Scaling groups to automatically scale
resources as needed. Users report that every morning at 9:00 AM the system becomes very slow for about 15
minutes. A Solution Architect determines that a large percentage of the call center staff starts work at 9:00 AM,
so Auto Scaling does not have enough time to scale out to meet demand. How can the Architect fix the problem?
呼叫中心应用程序由三层应用程序组成，使用自动伸缩组根据需要自动伸缩资源。
用户报告说，每天早上9点，系统会变得非常慢，大约15分钟。
解决方案架构师确定，呼叫中心工作人员的大部分在上午9点开始工作，因此自动扩展没有足够的时间来扩展以满足需求。
架构师如何解决这个问题?
A. Change the Auto Scaling group's scale out event to scale based on network utilization. 事后措施
B. Create an Auto Scaling scheduled action to scale out the necessary resources at 8:30 AM every
morning.
C. Use Reserved Instances to ensure the system has reserved the right amount of capacity for the
scale-up events.
D. Permanently keep a steady state of instances that is needed at 9:00 AM to guarantee available
resources, but leverage Spot instances.
Answer:

知识点【Reserved Instances】 预留实例 【Spot instances】竞价实例

★Question 48
An e-commerce application is hosted in AWS. The last time a new product was launched, the application
experienced a performance issue due to an enormous spike in traffic. Management decided that capacity
must be doubled the week after the product is launched.
Which is the MOST efficient way for management to ensure that capacity requirements are met?
电子商务应用程序托管在AWS中。
在最近一次发布新产品时，由于流量激增，应用程序遇到了性能问题。
管理层决定，产品推出后的一周内，容量必须翻倍。
哪一种是管理确保满足容量需求的最有效方式?
A. Add a Step Scaling policy.
B. Add a Dynamic Scaling policy.
C. Add a Scheduled Scaling action.
D. Add Amazon EC2 Spot Instances.
Answer:
查 选项知识点

★Question 49
Developers are creating a new online transaction processing (OLTP) application for a small database that is very
read-write intensive. A single table in the database is updated continuously throughout the day, and the
developers want to ensure that the database performance is consistent. Which Amazon EBS storage option will
achieve the MOST consistent performance to help maintain application performance?
开发人员正在为读写密集型的小型数据库创建一个新的在线事务处理(OLTP)应用程序。
数据库中的单个表整天都在不断更新，开发人员希望确保数据库性能一致。
哪个Amazon EBS存储选项将实现最一致的性能，以帮助维护应用程序性能?
A. Provisioned IOPS SSD
B. General Purpose SSD
C. Cold HDD
D. Throughput Optimized HDD
Answer:
？？
iops操作次数多的 ssd

★Question 50
A Solutions Architect is designing a log-processing solution that requires storage that supports up to 500 MB/s
throughput. The data is sequentially accessed by an Amazon EC2 instance. Which Amazon storage type satisfies
these requirements?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个日志处理解决方案，它需要支持高达500mb /s吞吐量的存储。
该数据由Amazon EC2实例依次访问。
哪种Amazon存储类型满足这些要求?
A. EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1)
B. EBS General Purpose SSD (gp2)
C. EBS Throughput Optimized HDD (st1)
D. EBS Cold HDD (sc1)
Answer:
吞吐量加强的HDD

EBS

★Question 51
A company's development team plans to create an Amazon S3 bucket that contains millions of images. The team
wants to maximize the read performance of Amazon S3. Which naming scheme should the company use?
某公司的开发团队计划创建一个包含数百万个图像的Amazon S3桶。
这个团队想要最大化Amazon S3的读性能。
公司应该使用哪种命名方案?
A. Add a date as the prefix.
B. Add a sequential id as the suffix.
C. Add a hexadecimal hash as the suffix.
D. Add a hexadecimal hash as the prefix.
Answer:

最大化读性能
前缀，
没有后缀的说法


检索S3变得更快，需要用前缀
S3性能指南，用日期做前缀

★Question 52
A Solutions Architect needs to design a solution that will enable a security team to detect, review, and
perform root cause analysis of security incidents that occur in a cloud environment. The Architect must
provide a centralized view of all API events for current and future AWS regions. How shouldthe
Architect accomplish this task?
解决方案架构师需要设计一个解决方案，使安全团队能够检测、审查并执行云环境中发生的安全事件的根本原因分析。
架构师必须为当前和未来的AWS区域提供所有API事件的集中视图。
建筑师应该如何完成这一任务?
A. Enable AWS CloudTrail logging in each individual region ,Repeat this for all future regions.
B. Enable Amazon CloudWatch logs for all AWS services across all regions and aggregate them in a
single Amazon S3 bucket.
C. Enable AWS Trusted Advisor security checks and report all security incidents for all regions.
D. Enable AWS CloudTrail by creating a new trail and apply the trail to all regions.
Answer:

题目关键词【all API events】
答案 关键词【CloudTrail】
api 

★Question 53
A company has a legacy application using a proprietary file system and plans to migrate the
application to AWS.
Which storage service should the company use?
一家公司有一个使用专有文件系统的遗留应用程序，并计划将该应用程序迁移到AWS。
公司应该使用哪种存储服务?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon EBS
D. Amazon EFS
Answer:关键词【file system】

EFS

★Question 54
A company plans to use AWS for all new batch processing workloads. The company's developers use Docker
containers for the new batch processing. The system design must accommodate critical and non-critical batch
processing workloads 24/7.
How should a Solutions Architect design this architecture in a cost-efficient manner?
一家公司计划在所有新的批处理工作负载中使用AWS。
该公司的开发人员使用Docker容器进行新的批处理。
系统设计必须适应24/7的关键和非关键批处理工作负载。
解决方案架构师应该如何以一种具有成本效益的方式设计此架构?
A. Purchase Reserved Instances to run all containers. Use Auto Scaling groups to schedule jobs.
B. Host a container management service on Spot Instances. Use Reserved Instances to run Docker
containers.
C. Use Amazon ECS orchestration and Auto Scaling groups: one with Reserve Instances, one with Spot
Instances.
D. Use Amazon ECS to manage container orchestration. Purchase Reserved Instances to run all batch
workloads at the same time.
Answer:
Reserve Instances

题目关键词【docker】【cost-efficient】【critical and non-critical】

知识点ECS 对应docker

★Question 55
A company is evaluating Amazon S3 as a data storage solution for their daily analyst report. The
company has implemented stringent requirements concerning the security of the data at rest.
Specifically, the CISO asked for the use of envelope encryption with separate permissions for the use
of an envelope key, automated rotation of the encryption keys, and visibility into when an
encryption key was used and by whom.
Which steps should a Solutions Architect take to satisfy the security requirements requested by the CISO?
一家公司正在评估Amazon S3作为他们每日分析报告的数据存储解决方案。
公司对现有数据的安全性实施了严格的要求。
具体来说，CISO要求使用信封加密，并对信封密钥的使用拥有单独的权限、加密密钥的自动旋转、
何时使用加密密钥以及由谁使用加密密钥的可见性。
解决方案架构师应该采取哪些步骤来满足CISO的安全要求?

A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the reports and use Server-Side Encryption with Customer-Provided
Keys (SSE-C).
客户加密
主密钥在客户手中

B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the reports and use Server-Side Encryption with Amazon S3-
Managed Keys (SSE-S3).S3托管密钥
每个对象唯一
轮询主密钥

C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the reports and use Server-Side Encryption with AWS
KMS- Managed Keys (SSE-KMS).
KMS中存储主密钥 包含S3
显示谁在用

D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the reports and use Amazon s3 versioning with Server-Side
Encryption with Amazon S3-Managed Keys (SSE-S3).
Answer:
知识点 SSE KMS

★Question 56
A customer has a production application that frequently overwrites and deletes data, the application requires the
most up-to-date version of the data every time it is requested. Which storage should a Solutions Architect
recommend to bet accommodate this use case?
客户有一个经常覆盖和删除数据的生产应用程序，每次请求该应用程序时都需要最新版本的数据。
解决方案架构师应该推荐哪种存储来适应这个用例?
A. Amazon S3  容量大，便宜，对象存储，慢
B. Amazon RDS
C. Amazon RedShift
D. AWS Storage Gateway
Answer:
对象存储
块存储

★Question 57
A manufacturing company captures data from machines running at customer sites. Currently, thousands of
machines send data every 5 minutes, and this is expected to grow to hundreds of thousands of machines in the
near future. The data is logged with the intent to be analyzed in the future as needed. What is the SIMPLEST
method to store this streaming data at scale?
一家制造公司从客户现场运行的机器中获取数据。
目前，每5分钟有数千台机器发送数据，预计在不久的将来，这一数字将增长到数十万台。
记录数据的目的是在未来需要时进行分析。
大规模存储流数据的最简单方法是什么?
A. Create an Amazon Kinesis Firehouse delivery stream to store the data in Amazon S3.
B. Create an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 servers behind ELBs to write the data into Amazon RDS.
C. Create an Amazon SQS queue, and have the machines write to the queue.
D. Create an Amazon EC2 server farm behind an ELB to store the data in Amazon EBS Cold HDD
volumes.
Answer:关键字【streaming】 流
答案关键字【Kinesis】
Kinesis四剑客？查

★Question 58
A bank is writing new software that is heavily dependent upon the database transactions for write
consistency. The application will also occasionally generate reports on data in the database, and will do
joins across multiple tables. The database must automatically scale as the amount of data growth. Which
AWS service should be used to run the database?
一家银行正在编写新的软件，该软件严重依赖于数据库事务的写一致性。
应用程序还会偶尔生成数据库中数据的报告，并执行跨多个表的连接。
数据库必须随着数据量的增长自动扩展。
哪个AWS服务应该用来运行数据库?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon Aurora
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer:关键词【transactions】事务一致性 跨表链接
所以选关系型数据库


★Question 59
A Solutions Architect is designing a new application that needs to access data in a different AWS account
located within the same region. The data must not be accessed over the Internet. Which solution will meet
these requirements with the LOWEST cost?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个新的应用程序，该应用程序需要访问位于同一区域的不同AWS帐户中的数据。
数据不能通过互联网访问。
哪种解决方案将以最低的成本满足这些需求?
A. Add rules to the security groups in each account.
B. Establish a VPC Peering connection between accounts.
C. Configure Direct Connect in each account.
D. Add a NAT Gateway to the data account.
Answer:(可以在不同账户间，可以跨区域)
VPC之间的对等连接

知识点：
VPN/NAT需要互联网

★Question 60
A Solutions Architect is designing a mobile application that will capture receipt images to track
expenses. The Architect wants to store the images on Amazon S3. However, uploading images
through the web server will create too much traffic.
What is the MOST efficient method to store images from a mobile application on Amazon S3?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个移动应用程序，它将捕获收据图像来跟踪费用。
架构师希望将图像存储在Amazon S3上。
然而，通过web服务器上传图像会产生过多的流量。
在Amazon S3上从移动应用程序存储图像最有效的方法是什么?
A. Upload directly to S3 using a pre-signed URL.
B. Upload to a second bucket, and have a Lambda event copy the image to the primary bucket.
C. Upload to a separate Auto Scaling group of servers behind an ELB Classic Load Balancer, and have
them write to the Amazon S3 bucket.
D. Expand the web server fleet with Spot Instances to provide the resources to handle the images.
Answer:避开server 直接用url从app上传S3

★Question 61
A company requires that the source, destination, and protocol of all IP packets be recorded when
traversing a private subnet.
What is the MOST secure and reliable method of accomplishing this goal.
公司要求在穿越私有子网时记录所有IP包的源、目的和协议。
实现这一目标最安全可靠的方法是什么?
A. Create VPC flow logs on the subnet.
B. Enable source destination check on private Amazon EC2 instances.
C. Enable AWS CloudTrail logging and specify an Amazon S3 bucket for storing log files.
D. Create an Amazon CloudWatch log to capture packet information.
Answer:
VPC内遍历


★Question 62
A Solutions Architect has a multi-layer application running in Amazon VPC. The application has an ELB
Classic Load Balancer as the front end in a public subnet, and an Amazon EC2-based reverse proxy
that performs content-based routing to two backend Amazon EC2 instances hosted in a private
subnet. The Architect sees tremendous traffic growth and is concerned that the reverse proxy and
current backend set up will be insufficient.
Which actions should the Architect take to achieve a cost-effective solution that ensures the application
automatically scales to meet traffic demand? (Select two.)
解决方案架构师有一个多层应用程序运行在Amazon VPC中。
该应用程序有一个ELB Classic负载均衡器作为公共子网中的前端，还有一个基于Amazon EC2的反向代理，
该代理执行基于内容的路由，路由到私有子网中的两个后端Amazon EC2实例。
架构师看到了巨大的流量增长，并担心反向代理和当前后端设置将不够充分。
架构师应该采取哪些行动来实现一个具有成本效益的解决方案，以确保应用程序自动扩展以满足流量需求?
(选择两个。)
A. Replace the Amazon EC2 reverse proxy with an ELB internal Classic Load Balancer.
B. Add Auto Scaling to the Amazon EC2 backend fleet.
C. Add Auto Scaling to the Amazon EC2 reverse proxy layer.
D. Use t2 burstable instance types for the backend fleet.
E. Replace both the frontend and reverse proxy layers with an ELB Application Load Balancer.
Answer:不太理解

在查ELB 

★Question 63
A company is launching a marketing campaign on their website tomorrow and expects a significant
increase in traffic. The website is designed as a multi-tiered web architecture, and the increase in
traffic could potentially overwhelm the current design.
What should a Solutions Architect do to minimize the effects from a potential failure in one or more of the
tiers?
一家公司明天将在他们的网站上发起一场营销活动，预计流量将大幅增加。
网站被设计成一个多层的网络架构，而增加的流量可能会潜在地压倒当前的设计。
解决方案架构师应该做些什么来最小化一个或多个层中潜在故障的影响?
A. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS.
B. Set up DNS failover to a statistic website. 失败是导向静态网站
C. Use Auto Scaling to keep up with the demand.
D. Use both a SQL and a NoSQL database in the design.
Answer:

★Question 64
A web application experiences high compute costs due to serving a high amount of static web content. How
should the web server architecture be designed to be the MOST cost-efficient?
由于要提供大量静态web内容，web应用程序的计算成本很高。
如何将web服务器架构设计成最具成本效益的?
A. Create an Auto Scaling group to scale out based on average CPU usage.
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution to pull static content from an Amazon S3 bucket.
C. Leverage Reserved Instances to add additional capacity at a significantly lower price.
D. Create a multi-region deployment using an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy.
Answer:
遇到静态 看 关键词【CloudFront】缓存

★Question 65
A Solutions Architect plans to migrate NAT instances to NAT gateway. The Architect has NAT
instances with scripts to manage high availability.
What is the MOST efficient method to achieve similar high availability with NAT gateway?
一个解决方案架构师计划将NAT实例迁移到NAT gateway。
架构师使用带有脚本的NAT实例来管理高可用性。
实现NAT网关类似高可用性的最有效方法是什么?
A. Remove source/destination check on NAT instances.
B. Launch a NAT gateway in each Availability Zone.
C. Use a mix of NAT instances and NAT gateway.
D. Add an ELB Application Load Balancer in front of NAT gateway.
Answer:
NAT gateway保持高可用性

在每个可用区有一个nat gateway

★Question 66
A Solutions Architect is designing a solution to store a large quantity of event data in Amazon S3. The
Architect anticipates that the workload will consistently exceed 100 requests each second. What
should the Architect do in Amazon S3 to optimize performance?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个解决方案来在Amazon S3中存储大量的事件数据。
架构师预计工作负载将持续超过每秒100个请求。
架构师在Amazon S3中应该做些什么来优化性能?
A. Randomize a key name prefix.
B. Store the event data in separate buckets.
C. Randomize the key name suffix.
D. Use Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration.
Answer:S3可读效率  用前缀 prefix

★Question 67
A user is testing a new service that receives location updates from 3,600 rental cars every hour.
Which service will collect data and automatically scale to accommodate production workload?
一位用户正在测试一项新服务，该服务每小时接收3600辆租车的位置更新。
哪个服务将收集数据并自动扩展以适应生产工作负载?
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon Kinesis Firehose
C. Amazon EBS
D. Amazon API Gateway
Answer:随时更新的数据  流  kinesis

★Question 68
A Solutions Architect is designing a web application. The web and application tiers need to
access the Internet, but they cannot be accessed from the Internet. Which of the following
steps is required?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个web应用程序。
web层和应用层需要访问Internet，但是不能从Internet访问它们。
以下哪一个步骤是必需的?
A. Attach an Elastic IP address to each Amazon EC2 instance and add a route from the private
subnet to the public subnet.
B. Launch a NAT gateway in the public subnet and add a route to it from the private subnet.
C. Launch Amazon EC2 instances in the public subnet and change the security group to allow
outbound traffic on port 80.
D. Launch a NAT gateway in the private subnet and deploy a NAT instance in the private subnet.
Answer:NAT gateway

★Question 69
An application stack includes an Elastic Load Balancer in a public subnet, a fleet of Amazon EC2
instances in an Auto Scaling group, and an Amazon RDS MySQL cluster. Users connect to the
application from the Internet. The application servers and database must be secure. How should a
Solutions Architect perform this task?
应用程序堆栈包括公共子网中的弹性负载平衡器、自动伸缩组中的Amazon EC2实例和Amazon RDS MySQL集群。
用户从Internet连接到应用程序。
应用服务器和数据库必须是安全的。
解决方案架构师应该如何执行这项任务?
A. Create a private subnet for the Amazon EC2 instances and a public subnet for the Amazon RDS
cluster.
B. Create a private subnet for the Amazon EC2 instances and a private subnet for the Amazon RDS
cluster.
C. Create a public subnet for the Amazon EC2 instances and a private subnet for the Amazon RDS
cluster.
D. Create a public subnet for the Amazon EC2 instances and a public subnet for the Amazon RDS
cluster.
Answer:

An application stack includes an Elastic Load Balancer in a public subnet, 
因为有ELB在共有子网


★Question 70
A Solutions Architect is designing a solution for a media company that will stream large amounts of data
from an Amazon EC2 instance. The data streams are typically large and sequential, and must be able to
support up to 500 MB/s.
Which storage type will meet the performance requirements of this application?
一位解决方案架构师正在为一家媒体公司设计一个解决方案，该解决方案将从Amazon EC2实例中传输大量数据。
数据流通常是大的和连续的，并且必须能够支持高达500mb /s。
哪种存储类型将满足此应用程序的性能要求?
A. EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD
B. EBS General Purpose SSD
C. EBS Cold HDD
D. EBS Throughput Optimized HDD
Answer:D

★Question 71
A legacy application running in premises requires a Solutions Architect to be able to open a firewall to allow
access to several Amazon S3 buckets. The Architect has a VPN connection to AWS in place.
How should the Architect meet this requirement?
在premises中运行的遗留应用程序需要解决方案架构师能够打开防火墙以允许访问多个Amazon S3桶。
架构师有一个到AWS的VPN连接。
架构师应该如何满足这一需求?
A. Create an IAM role that allows access from the corporate network to Amazon S3.
B. Configure a proxy on Amazon EC2 and use an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint.
C. Use Amazon API Gateway to do IP whitelisting.
D. Configure IP whitelisting on the customer's gateway.
Answer:

★Question 72
A Solutions Architect is designing a database solution that must support a high rate of random
disk reads and writes. It must provide consistent performance, and requires long-term persistence.
Which storage solution BEST meets these requirements?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个数据库解决方案，它必须支持高速率的随机磁盘读写。
它必须提供一致的性能，并且需要长期的持久性。
哪个存储解决方案最能满足这些要求?
A. An Amazon EBS Provisioned IOPS volume
B. An Amazon EBS General Purpose volume  普通目的的
C. An Amazon EBS Magnetic volume  上一代磁介质等等（EC2 白皮书 750页）
D. An Amazon EC2 Instance Store
Answer:

★Question 73
A Solutions Architect is designing solution with AWS Lambda where different environments
require different database passwords.
What should the Architect do to accomplish this in a secure and scalable way?
解决方案架构师正在用AWS Lambda设计解决方案，不同的环境需要不同的数据库密码。
架构师应该怎么做才能以一种安全和可伸缩的方式实现这一点?
（35页）

A. Create a Lambda function for each individual environment.
B. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store environmental variables.
C. Use encrypted AWS Lambda environmental variables.      ///lambda 有这个功能
D. Implement a dedicated（专用的） Lambda function for distributing variables.
Answer:

lambda函数   带参数的函数，有一个加密的功能

★Question 74
A news organization plans to migrate their 20 TB video archive to AWS. The files are rarely accessed,
but when they are, a request is made in advance and a 3 to 5-hour retrieval time frame is acceptable.
However, when there is a breaking news story, the editors require access to archived footage within
minutes.
Which storage solution meets the needs of this organization while providing the LOWEST cost of storage?
一家新闻机构计划将他们20 TB的视频档案迁移到AWS。
这些文件很少被访问，但是当它们被访问时，会提前发出请求，3到5小时的检索时间是可以接受的。
然而，当有突发新闻报道时，编辑需要在几分钟内访问存档的镜头。
哪种存储解决方案满足该组织的需求，同时提供最低的存储成本?
A. Store the archive in Amazon S3 Reduced Redundancy Storage.
B. Store the archive in Amazon Glacier and use standard retrieval for all content.
C. Store the archive in Amazon Glacier and pay the additional charge for expedited retrieval when
needed.
D. Store the archive in Amazon S3 with a lifecycle policy to move this to S3 Infrequent Access after 30
days.

Answer:考点 生命周期
教育资料的S3的生命周期
白皮书 S3的Glacier相关

Glacier有检索选项 
加速检索  3-5分钟
标准检索  3-5 小时
批量检索  5-12 小时



★Question 75
A Solutions Architect is building a multi-tier website. The web servers will be in a public subnet, and
the database servers will be in a private subnet. Only the web servers can be accessed from the
Internet. The database servers must have Internet access for software updates. Which solution meets
the requirements?
一个解决方案架构师正在构建一个多层网站。
web服务器将位于一个公共子网中，数据库服务器将位于一个私有子网中。
Internet只能访问web服务器。
数据库服务器必须能够访问Internet才能进行软件更新。
哪个解决方案符合要求?
A. Assign Elastic IP addresses to the database instances.
B. Allow Internet traffic on the private subnet through the network ACL.
C. Use a NAT Gateway.
D. Use an egress-only Internet Gateway.
Answer:IP4,IP6? 没特殊说明就是ip4


★Question 76
A Solutions Architect is designing a Lambda function that calls an API to list all running Amazon
RDS instances.
How should the request be authorized?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个Lambda函数，该函数调用一个API来列出所有正在运行的Amazon RDS实例。
该请求应如何授权?
A. Create an IAM access and secret key, and store it in the Lambda function.
B. Create an IAM role to the Lambda function with permissions to list all Amazon RDS instances.
C. Create an IAM role to Amazon RDS with permissions to list all Amazon RDS instances.
D. Create an IAM access and secret key, and store it in an encrypted RDS database.
Answer:

lambda函数调用api
临时的用role

★Question 77
A Solutions Architect is building an application on AWS that will require 20,000 IOPS on a particular volume to
support a media event. Once the event ends, the IOPS need is no longer required. The marketing team asks the
Architect to build the platform to optimize storage without incurring downtime. How should the Architect design
the platform to meet these requirements?
一个解决方案架构师正在AWS上构建一个应用程序，它需要在一个特定的卷上获得20,000 IOPS来支持一个媒体事件。
事件结束后，不再需要设置IOPS。
营销团队要求架构师构建平台来优化存储而不引起停机。
架构师应该如何设计平台来满足这些需求?
A. Change the Amazon EC2 instant types.
B. Change the EBS volume type to Provisioned IOPS.
C. Stop the Amazon EC2 instance and provision IOPS for the EBS volume.  /// 不能宕机
D. Enable an API Gateway to change the endpoints for the Amazon EC2 instances.
Answer:

EC2白皮书
 EBS卷  弹性 750 页 

★Question 78
A Solutions Architect is building a new feature using a Lambda to create metadata when a user uploads a
picture to Amazon S3. All metadata must be indexed.
Which AWS service should the Architect use to store this metadata?
解决方案架构师正在构建一个新特性，当用户向Amazon S3上传图片时，使用Lambda创建元数据。
所有元数据都必须建立索引。
架构师应该使用哪个AWS服务来存储这个元数据?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Kinesis
D. Amazon EFC
Answer: 考点：元数据存到数据库
自动创建元数据
 知识点 ： S3 元数据
 S3对象存储  包括（元数据+ 对象数据）

★Question 79
An interactive, dynamic website runs on Amazon EC2 instances in a single subnet behind an ELB
Classic Load Balancer.
Which design changes will make the site more highly available?
一个交互式的动态网站运行在ELB经典负载均衡器后面的单个子网中的Amazon EC2实例上。
哪些设计上的改变将使网站的可用性更高?
A. Move some Amazon EC2 instances to a subnet in a different way.//不同Availability Zone的描述更好
B. Move the website to Amazon S3.
C. Change the ELB to an Application Load Balancer.
D. Move some Amazon EC2 instances to a subnet in the same Availability Zone.
Answer:
知识点：
ELB，ALB

高可用性：应该另一个可用区

一般来说S3只适合静态网站

★Question 80
A Solutions Architect is designing a web application that is running on an Amazon EC2 instance.
The application stores data in DynamoDB. The Architect needs to secure access to the
DynamoDB table. What combination of steps does AWS recommend to achieve secure authorization?
(Select two.)
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个运行在Amazon EC2实例上的web应用程序。
应用程序将数据存储在DynamoDB中。
架构师需要保护对DynamoDB表的访问。
AWS推荐哪些步骤组合来实现安全授权?
(选择两个。)
A. Store an access key on the,Amazon EC2 instance with rights to the Dynamo DB table.
B. Attach an IAM user to the Amazon EC2 instance.
C. Create an IAM role with permissions to write to the DynamoDB table.
D. Attach an IAM role to the Amazon EC2 instance.
E. Attach an IAM policy to the Amazon EC2 instance.
Answer:
CD 先创建角色，然后给角色权限

在被访问区键角色

★Question 81
A Solutions Architect is about to deploy an API on multiple EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling
group behind an ELB. The support team has the following operational requirements:
1 They get an alert when the requests per second go over 50,000 
2 They get an alert when latency goes over 5 seconds
3 They can validate how many times a day users call the API requesting highly-sensitive data
Which combination of steps does the Architect need to take to satisfy these operational requirements?
(Select two.)
解决方案架构师将在ELB后面的自动伸缩组中的多个EC2实例上部署API。
支持团队有以下操作要求:
1 当每秒请求数超过50,000时，它们会收到警报
2 当延迟超过5秒时，他们会收到警报
3 他们可以验证用户每天调用API多少次来请求高度敏感的数据，
架构师需要采取哪些步骤组合来满足这些操作需求?
(选择两个。)
A. Ensure that CloudTrail is enabled.///跟踪api   always on  一直开启，关键字【Ensure】不需要确认是不是开启 
   ///没有错误，但是没有必要
B. Create a custom CloudWatch metric to monitor the API for data access.
   ///创建自定义指标，有了自定义指标才能看到CloudTrail存下的数据
C. Configure CloudWatch alarms for any metrics the support team requires.
   ///设定警告到所有的指标、、、对于考题来说太绝对了
D. Ensure that detailed monitoring for the EC2 instances is enabled.
   ///只有开启了EC2的相关功能，才能获取到这些数据
E. Create an application to export and save CloudWatch metrics for longer term trending analysis.
   ///不需要建立程序
Answer:

标准部署
ELB分流 ---  弹性扩展---  EC2等等
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A API is running on the instance, so i think cloudtrail cannot monitor this kinds of API activity.
B to collect per day sensitive data details
D because per the second metric only allowed for "Currently, only custom metrics that you publish to CloudWatch are available at high resolution with Detailed Monitoring enabled for EC2." So anyway enable Detailed Monitoring is the first step. (Looks partial but closet one)

To be honest, options are not completely appropriate. It should be "Create custom metrics" and "Enable detailed monitoring."
C says about custom ALARMS but not custom METRICS.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

★Question 82
A Solutions Architect is designing a highly-available website that is served by multiple web servers hosted
outside of AWS. If an instance becomes unresponsive, the Architect needs to remove it from the rotation. What
is the MOST efficient way to fulfill this requirement?  ///aws以外的
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个高可用性的网站，该网站由多个托管在AWS之外的web服务器提供服务。
如果一个实例变得没有响应，架构师需要将它从旋转中移除。
满足这一要求的最有效方法是什么?
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor utilization.  // 不能在AWS以外用
B. Use Amazon API Gateway to monitor availability.
C. Use an Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.// 不能在AWS以外用
D. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks.
Answer:
教育资料的【health checks】

★Question 83
A company hosts a popular web application. The web application connects to a database running
in a private VPC subnet. The web servers must be accessible only to customers on an SSL
connection. The RDS MySQL database server must be accessible only from the web servers.
How should the Architect design a solution to meet the requirements without impacting running
applications?
一家公司托管一个流行的web应用程序。
web应用连接私有VPC子网中的数据库。
web服务器必须只能被SSL连接上的客户访问。
RDS MySQL数据库服务器必须只能从web服务器访问。
架构师应该如何设计一个解决方案来满足需求而不影响正在运行的应用程序?
A. Create a network ACL on the web server's subnet, and allow HTTPS inbound and MySQL
outbound. Place both database and web servers on the same subnet.  ///子网级别，同一子网规则一样
B. Open an HTTPS port on the security group for web servers and set the source to 0.0.0.0/0. Open the
MySQL port on the database security group and attach it to the MySQL instance. Set the source to Web
Server Security Group.
C. Create a network ACL on the web server's subnet, and allow HTTPS inbound, and specify the
source as 0.0.0.0/0. Create a network ACL on a database subnet, allow MySQL port inbound for web
servers, and deny all outbound traffic.   /// 拒绝所有出站流量是不行的
                                          /// 无状态，入站出站必须都要设置 所以前半句设置allow https后还需要设置出站规则
D. Open the MySQL port on the security group for web servers and set the source to 0.0.0.0/0. Open the
HTTPS port on the database security group and attach it to the MySQL instance. Set the source to Web
Server Security Group.
Answer:
0.0.0.0/0.设置为所有internet
知识点：ALC（网络控制列表）和安全组 

HTTPS和http区别


安全组  
  实例级别
  允许规则


ACL
  子网级别
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
C look more correct but there is problem that when using NACL you create both inbound and outbound rules, it says webserver inbound from 0.0.0.0/0 I belive there should be outbound also if I am not wrong.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
★Question 84
Which service should an organization use if it requires an easily managed and scalable platform to host its
web application running on Nginx?
如果一个组织需要一个易于管理和可扩展的平台来承载运行在Nginx上的web应用程序，那么它应该使用哪种服务?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Auto Scaling
C. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
D. Elastic Load Balancing
Answer:
考点  Beanstalk概念
 
★Question 85
An Administrator is hosting an application on a single Amazon EC2 instance, which users can access by the
public hostname. The administrator is adding a second instance, but does not want users to have to decide
between many public hostnames.
Which AWS service will decouple the users from specific Amazon EC2 instances?
管理员在一个Amazon EC2实例上托管应用程序，用户可以通过公共主机名访问该实例。
管理员正在添加第二个实例，但不希望用户必须在许多公共主机名之间做出选择。
哪个AWS服务将用户与特定的Amazon EC2实例解耦?
A. Amazon SQS
B. Auto Scaling group
C. Amazon EC2 security group
D. Amazon ELB
Answer:ELB分流

★Question 86
A Solutions Architect is designing a microservices-based application using Amazon ECS. The application
includes a WebSocket component, and the traffic needs to be distributed between microservices based on the
URL.
Which service should the Architect choose to distribute the workload?
一位解决方案架构师正在使用Amazon ECS设计一个基于微服务的应用程序。
该应用程序包括一个WebSocket组件，流量需要基于URL在微服务之间分配。
架构师应该选择哪个服务来分配工作负载?
A. ELB Classic Load Balancer
B. Amazon Route 53 DNS
C. ELB Application Load Balancer
D. Amazon CloudFront
Answer:
Amazon Route 53分析IP地址和域名
ELB根据条件分发

根据url分发

知识点
  ECS，microservices-based

★Question 87
A Solutions Architect is designing the storage layer for a production relational database. The database will run
on Amazon EC2. The database is accessed by an application that performs intensive reads and writes, so the
database requires the LOWEST random I/O latency.
Which data storage method fulfills the above requirements?
解决方案架构师正在为生产关系数据库设计存储层。
数据库将在Amazon EC2上运行。
数据库是由执行密集读写操作的应用程序访问的，因此数据库需要最低的随机I/O延迟。
哪种数据存储方法符合上述要求?
A. Store data in a filesystem backed by Amazon Elastic File System (EFS).
B. Store data in Amazon S3 and use a third-party solution to expose Amazon S3 as a filesystem to the
database server.
C. Store data in Amazon Dynamo DB and emulate relational database semantics.
D. Stripe data across multiple Amazon EBS volumes using RAID 0.
Answer:
知识点：raid 0 磁盘阵列

★Question 88
A Solutions Architect is designing a VPC. Instances in a private subnet must be able to establish IPv6 traffic to
the Internet. The design must scale automatically and not incur any additional cost. This can be accomplished
with:
解决方案架构师正在设计VPC。
私有子网中的实例必须能够建立到Internet的IPv6流量。
设计必须自动伸缩，并且不会产生任何额外的成本。
这可以通过以下方式实现:
A. an egress-only internet gateway
B. a NAT gateway
C. a custom NAT instance
D. a VPC endpoint
Answer:IP6

★Question 89
A web application stores all data in an Amazon RDS Aurora database instance. A Solutions Architect wants to
provide access to the data for a detailed report for the Marketing team, but is concerned that the additional load
on the database will affect the performance of the web application.
How can the report be created without affecting the performance of the application?
web应用程序将所有数据存储在Amazon RDS Aurora数据库实例中。
解决方案架构师希望为营销团队提供对数据的访问，以获得详细的报告，但他担心数据库上的额外负载会影响web应用程序的性能。
如何在不影响应用程序性能的情况下创建报表?
A. Create a read replica of the database.
B. Provision a new RDS instance as a secondary master.
C. Configure the database to be in multiple regions.
D. Increase the number of provisioned storage IOPS.
Answer:
知识点  只读副本


★Question 90
A company has an application that stores sensitive data. The company is required by government
regulations to store multiple copies of its data.
What would be the MOST resilient and cost-effective option to meet this requirement?
一家公司有一个存储敏感数据的应用程序。
根据政府规定，该公司必须存储多份数据。
要满足这一要求，最具弹性和成本效益的选择是什么?
A. Amazon EFS
B. Amazon RDS
C. AWS Storage Gateway
D. Amazon S3
Answer:

★Question 91
A company is using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to secure their Amazon RDS databases.
An auditor has recommended that the company log all use of their AWS KMS keys.
What is the SIMPLEST solution?
一家公司正在使用AWS密钥管理服务(AWS KMS)来保护亚马逊RDS数据库的安全。
一位审计师建议该公司记录所有AWS KMS密钥的使用情况。
最简单的解决方案是什么?
A. Associate AWS KMS metrics with Amazon CloudWatch.
B. Use AWS CloudTrail to log AWS KMS key usage.
C. Deploy a monitoring agent on the RDS instances.
D. Poll AWS KMS periodically with a scheduled job.
Answer:
CloudTrail有这个功能

知识点 KMS

★Question 92
A Solutions Architect is designing a stateful web application that will run for one year (24/7) and then be
decommissioned. Load on this platform will be constant, using a number of r4.8xlarge instances. Key drivers for
this system include high availability, but elastically is not required.
What is the MOST cost-effective way to purchase compute for this platform?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个有状态的web应用程序，它将运行一年(24/7)，然后退役。
这个平台上的负载将是恒定的，使用大量r4.8xlarge实例。
该系统的关键驱动程序包括高可用性，但不需要弹性。
为这个平台购买计算的最经济有效的方法是什么?
A. Scheduled Reserved Instances  计划预留实力
B. Convertible Reserved Instances 可转换预留实力
C. Standard Reserved Instances 标准预留实力
D. Spot Instances 竞价实力
Answer:

★Question 93
A media company asked a Solutions Architect to design a highly available storage solution to serve
as a centralized document store for their Amazon EC2 instances. The storage solution needs to be
POSIX-compliant, scale dynamically, and be able to serve up to 100 concurrent EC2 instances.
Which solution meets these requirements?  【100个EC2并发连接 ///EFS】
一家媒体公司要求解决方案架构师设计一个高可用性存储解决方案，作为Amazon EC2实例的集中式文档存储。
存储解决方案需要与posix兼容、动态扩展，并且能够为最多100个并发的EC2实例提供服务。
哪个解决方案符合这些要求?
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket and store all of the documents in this bucket.
B. Create an Amazon EBS volume and allow multiple users to mount that volume to their EC2
instance (s).
C. Use Amazon Glacier to store all of the documents.
D. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) to store and share the documents.
Answer:

★Question 94
A Solution Architect has a two-tier application with a single Amazon EC2 instance web server and Amazon RDS
MySQL Multi-AZ DB instances. The Architect is re-architecting the application for high availability by adding
instances in a second Availability Zone.
Which additional services will improve the availability of the application? (Choose two.)
解决方案架构师拥有一个两层应用程序，其中包含一个Amazon EC2实例web服务器和Amazon RDS MySQL多az DB实例。
通过在第二个可用性区域中添加实例，架构师正在重新设计应用程序以实现高可用性。
哪些额外的服务将提高应用程序的可用性?
(选择两个。)
A. Auto Scaling group
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. ELB Classic Load Balancer
D. Amazon DynamoDB
E. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer:

★Question 95
A company is migrating its data center to AWS. As part of this migration, there is a three-tier web application
that has strict data-at-rest encryption requirements. The customer deploys this application on Amazon EC2 using
Amazon EBS, and now must provide encryption at-rest.//确定在EBS上加密，不考虑S3
How can this requirement be met without changing the application?
一家公司正在将其数据中心迁移到AWS。
作为这种迁移的一部分，有一个三层web应用程序，它具有严格的静态数据加密要求。
客户使用Amazon EBS在Amazon EC2上部署此应用程序，现在必须提供静态加密。
如何在不更改应用程序的情况下满足此需求?
A. Use AWS Key Management Service and move the encrypted data to Amazon S3.
B. Use an application-specific encryption API with AWS server-side encryption.
C. Use encrypted EBS storage volumes with AWS-managed keys.
D. Use third-party tools to encrypt the EBS data volumes with Key Management Service Bring Your
Own Keys.///第三方控件不要选
Answer:.

★Question 96
An AWS workload in a VPC is running a legacy database on an Amazon EC2 instance. Data is stored on a 200GB
Amazon EBS (gp2) volume. At peak load times, logs show excessive wait time.
What solution should be implemented to improve database performance using persistent storage?
VPC中的AWS工作负载运行Amazon EC2实例上的遗留数据库。
数据存储在200GB Amazon EBS (gp2)卷中。
在高峰负载时间，日志显示过多的等待时间。
应该实现什么解决方案来提高使用持久存储的数据库性能?
A. Migrate the data on the Amazon EBS volume to an SSD-backed volume.
B. Change the EC2 instance type to one with EC2 instance store volumes.
C. Migrate the data on the EBS volume to provisioned IOPS SSD (io1).
D. Change the EC2 instance type to one with burstable performance.
Answer:不要换实力类型，不用宕机

★Question 97
A company's website receives 50,000 requests each second, and the company wants to use multiple
applications to analyze the navigation patterns of the users on their website so that the experience can be
personalized.
What can a Solutions Architect use to collect page clicks for the website and process them sequentially for
each user?
一家公司的网站每秒会收到5万个请求，该公司希望使用多个应用程序来分析用户在其网站上的导航模式，
从而实现个性化的体验。
解决方案架构师可以使用什么来收集网站的页面点击，并按顺序为每个用户处理它们?
A. Amazon Kinesis Stream
B. Amazon SQS standard queue
C. Amazon SQS FIFO queue
D. AWS CloudTrail trail
Answer:流


★Question 98
A company wants to migrate a highly transactional database to AWS. Requirements state that the database has
more than 6 TB of data and will grow exponentially. Which solution should a Solutions Architect recommend?
一家公司想要将一个高度事务性的数据库迁移到AWS。
需求表明，数据库拥有超过6tb的数据，并将呈指数级增长。
解决方案架构师应该推荐哪种解决方案?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon RDS MySQL
Answer:

RDS上限16TB
Aurora上限64TB
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RDS max db size is 16TB for Aurora max is 64TB the inital db is 6 TB of data and will grow exponentially
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

★Question 99
A company hosts a two-tier application that consists of a publicly accessible web server that communicates with
a private database. Only HTTPS port 443 traffic to the web server must be allowed from the Internet. Which of
the following options will achieve these requirements? (Choose two.)
一家公司托管一个两层应用程序，该应用程序由一个可公开访问的web服务器组成，该服务器与一个私有数据库通信。
Internet只允许访问web服务器的HTTPS端口443的流量。
下列哪个选项将达到这些要求?
(选择两个。)
A. Security group rule that allows inbound Internet traffic for port 443.
B. Security group rule that denies all inbound Internet traffic except port 443./// 安全组不能denies
C. Network ACL rule that allows port 443 inbound and all ports outbound for Internet traffic.
D. Security group rule that allows Internet traffic for port 443 in both inbound and outbound. /// 安全组有状态，不需要设置出站
E. Network ACL rule that allows port 443 for both inbound and outbound for all Internet traffic.
Answer:出站不能只有443

★Question 100
A Solutions Architect is designing an Amazon VPC. Applications in the VPC must have private connectivity
to Amazon DynamoDB in the same AWS Region.
The design should route DynamoDB traffic through:
解决方案架构师正在设计一个Amazon VPC。
VPC内的应用必须与同一AWS区域内的Amazon DynamoDB有私有连通性。
设计应使DynamoDB交通通过:
A. VPC peering connection.
B. NAT gateway
C. VPC endpoint
D. AWS Direct Connect
Answer:
教育资料endpoint ///vpc中访问其他AWS服务

★Question 101
A Solutions Architect is developing a solution for sharing files in an organization. The solution must allow
multiple users to access the storage service at once from different virtual machines and scale automatically. It
must also support file-level locking.
Which storage service meets the requirements of this use case?
解决方案架构师正在开发一个用于在组织中共享文件的解决方案。
解决方案必须允许多个用户同时通过不同的虚拟机访问存储服务，并能够自动伸缩。
它还必须支持文件级锁定。
哪些存储服务符合本用例的要求?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon EFS
C. Amazon EBS
D. Cached Volumes
Answer:

★Question 102
A company runs a legacy application with a single-tier architecture on an Amazon EC2 instance. Disk I/O islow,
with occasional small spikes during business hours. The company requires the instance to be stopped from 8 PM
to 8 AM daily.
Which storage option is MOST appropriate for this workload?
一个公司在Amazon EC2实例上运行一个带有单层架构的遗留应用程序。
磁盘I/O很低，在工作时间偶尔会有小的峰值。
该公司要求该实例在每天晚上8点到早上8点停止运行。
哪种存储选项最适合这种工作负载?
A. Amazon EC2 instance storage
B. Amazon EBS General Purpose SSD (gp2) storage
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon EBS Provision IOPS SSD (io1) storage
Answer:
查 IOPS


★Question 103
As part of securing an API layer built on Amazon API gateway, a Solutions Architect has to authorize users who
are currently authenticated by an existing identity provider. The users must be denied access for a period of
one hour after three unsuccessful attempts.
How can the Solutions Architect meet these requirements?
作为保护在Amazon API gateway上构建的API层的一部分，解决方案架构师必须授权当前由现有身份提供者进行身份验证的用户。
在三次失败的尝试后，用户必须被拒绝访问一小时。
解决方案架构师如何满足这些需求?
A. Use AWS IAM authorization and add least-privileged permissions to each respective IAM role.
B. Use an API Gateway custom authorizer to invoke an AWS Lambda function to validate each user's
identity.
C. Use Amazon Cognito user pools to provide built-in user management.
D. Use Amazon Cognito user pools to integrate with external identity providers.
Answer:

知识点：Amazon Cognito


★Question 104
An organization runs an online media site, hosted on-premises. An employee posted a product review
that contained videos and pictures. The review went viral and the organization needs to handle the
resulting spike in website traffic.
What action would provide an immediate solution?
一个组织运营着一个在线媒体网站，并在当地托管。
一名员工发布了包含视频和图片的产品评论。
评论像病毒一样传播开来，组织需要处理由此产生的网站流量峰值。
什么行动可以立即解决问题?
A. Redesign the website to use Amazon API Gateway, and use AWS Lambda to deliver content.///重新设计
B. Add server instances using Amazon EC2 and use Amazon Route 53 with a failover routing policy.///用Route 53导流
C. Serve the images and videos via an Amazon CloudFront distribution created using the news site as the
origin.
D. Use Amazon ElasticCache for Redis for caching and reducing the load requests from the origin.///内存数据库
Answer:

★Question 105
A client notices that their engineers often make mistakes when creating Amazon SQS queues for their
backend system.
Which action should a Solutions Architect recommend to improve this process?
客户注意到，他们的工程师在为后端系统创建Amazon SQS队列时经常犯错误。
解决方案架构师应该推荐哪种操作来改进这个过程?
A. Use the AWS CLI to create queues using AWS IAM Access Keys.
B. Write a script to create the Amazon SQS queue using AWS Lambda.
C. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to automatically create the Amazon SQS queues.
D. Use AWS CloudFormation Templates to manage the Amazon SQS queue creation.
Answer:
知识点：AWS CloudFormation 

★Question 106
A development team is building an application with front-end and backend application tiers. Each tier consists of
Amazon EC2 instances behind an ELB Classic Load Balancer. The instances run in Auto Scaling groups
across multiple Availability Zones. The network team has allocated the 10.0.0.0/24 address space for this
application. Only the front-end load balancer should be exposed to the Internet. There are concerns aboutthe
limited size of the address space and the ability of each tier to scale. What should the VPC subnet design be
in each Availability Zone?
开发团队正在构建一个具有前端和后端应用程序层的应用程序。
每一层都由ELB经典负载平衡器背后的Amazon EC2实例组成。
实例在跨多个可用分区的自动伸缩组中运行。
网络团队已经为这个应用程序分配了10.0.0.0/24地址空间。
只有前端负载均衡器应该向Internet公开。
人们担心地址空间的有限大小和每一层的扩展能力。
每个可用分区的VPC子网设计是什么?
A. One public subnet for the load balancer tier, one public subnet for the front-end tier, and one
private subnet for the backend tier.
B. One shared public subnet for all tiers of the application.
C. One public subnet for the load balancer tier and one shared private subnet for the application
tiers.
D. One shared private subnet for all tiers of the application.
Answer:

★Question 107
A Solutions Architect must select the storage type for a big data application that requires very high
sequential
I/O. The data must persist if the instance is stopped.
Which of the following storage types will provide the best fit at the LOWEST cost for the application?
解决方案架构师必须为需要非常高顺序I/O的大数据应用程序选择存储类型。
如果实例停止，数据必须持久存在。
下列哪一种存储类型将以最低的成本为应用程序提供最适合的存储?
A. An Amazon EC2 instance store local SSD volume.
B. An Amazon EBS provisioned IOPS SSD volume.
C. An Amazon EBS throughput optimized HDD volume. ///关键字  大数据 【big data】
D. An Amazon EBS general purpose SSD volume.
Answer:EC2 instance不能持久

★Question 108
Two Auto Scaling applications, Application A and Application B, currently run within a shared set of subnets. A
Solutions Architect wants to make sure that Application A can make requests to Application B, but Application B
should be denied from making requests to Application A.
Which is the SIMPLEST solution to achieve this policy?
两个自动伸缩应用程序，应用程序A和应用程序B，目前在一组共享的子网中运行。
解决方案架构师希望确保应用程序A可以向应用程序B发出请求，但应用程序B应该拒绝向应用程序A发出请求。
实现这一政策的最简单的解决方案是什么?
A. Using security groups that the security groups of the other application//指向安全组的ID
B. Using security groups that the application server's IP addresses
C. Using Network Access Control Lists to allow/deny traffic based on application IP addresses
D. Migrating the applications to separate subnets from each other // 太复杂
Answer:
  ACL子网级别


★Question 109
Legacy applications currently send messages through a single Amazon EC2 instance, which then routes the
messages to the appropriate destinations. The Amazon EC2 instance is a bottleneck and single point of failure,
so the company would like to address these issues.
Which services could address this architectural use case? (Choose two.)
遗留应用程序目前通过单个Amazon EC2实例发送消息，然后该实例将消息路由到适当的目的地。
Amazon EC2实例是一个瓶颈和单点故障，因此该公司希望解决这些问题。
哪些服务可以解决这个体系结构用例?
(选择两个。)
A. Amazon SNS
B. AWS STS
C. Amazon SQS
D. Amazon Route 53
E. AWS Glue
Answer:

查选项 

★Question 110
A Solutions Architect needs to design an architecture for a new mission-critical batch processing
billing application. The application is required to run Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 5 AM to
11 AM.
Which is the MOST cost-effective Amazon EC2 pricing model?
解决方案架构师需要为新的关键任务批处理计费应用程序设计体系结构。
应用程序需要在周一、周三和周五早上5点到11点之间运行。
哪一种是最划算的亚马逊EC2定价模式?
A. Amazon EC2 Spot Instances 竞价
B. On-Demand Amazon EC2 Instances 按需
C. Scheduled Reserved Instances
D. Dedicated Amazon EC2 Instances 专用
Answer:

★Question 111
A workload consists of downloading an image from an Amazon S3 bucket, processing the image, and
moving it to another Amazon S3 bucket. An Amazon EC2 instance runs a scheduled task every hour to
perform the operation.
How should a Solutions Architect redesign the process so that it is highly available?
工作负载包括从一个Amazon S3桶下载一个映像，处理该映像，并将其移动到另一个Amazon S3桶。
Amazon EC2实例每小时运行一个计划任务来执行操作。
解决方案架构师应该如何重新设计流程，使其具有高度可用性?
A. Change the Amazon EC2 instance to compute optimized.
B. Launch a second Amazon EC2 instance to monitor the health of the first.
C. Trigger a Lambda function when a new object is uploaded.
D. Initially copy the images to an attached Amazon EBS volume.
Answer:
考点【Lambda】

★Question 112
An application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet. The application needs to read and
write data onto Amazon Kinesis Data Streams, and corporate policy requires that this traffic should not go to the
internet.
How can these requirements be met?
应用程序运行在私有子网中的Amazon EC2实例上。
应用程序需要在Amazon Kinesis数据流中读写数据，而公司政策要求该数据流不应该访问internet。
如何满足这些要求?
A. Configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet and route all traffic to Amazon Kinesis through the
NAT gateway.
B. Configure a gateway VPC endpoint for Kinesis and route all traffic to Kinesis through the gateway VPC
endpoint.
C. Configure an interface VPC endpoint for Kinesis and route all traffic to Kinesis through the
gateway VPC endpoint.
D. Configure an AWS Direct Connect private virtual interface for Kinesis and route all traffic to
Kinesis through the virtual interface.
Answer:知识点【endpoint】

★Question 113
A Solutions Architect is building an application that stores object data. Compliance requirements state that the
data stored is immutable.////关键词【immutable】 存档
Which service meets these requirements?
解决方案架构师正在构建一个存储对象数据的应用程序。
遵从性要求声明存储的数据是不可变的。
哪个服务符合这些要求?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon Glacier
C. Amazon EFS
D. AWS Storage Gateway
Answer:

★Question 114
A Solutions Architect is defining a shared Amazon S3 bucket where corporate applications will saveobjects. How
can the Architect ensure that when an application uploads an object to the Amazon S3 bucket, the object is
encrypted?
解决方案架构师正在定义一个共享的Amazon S3桶，企业应用程序将在其中保存对象。
架构师如何确保应用程序将对象上传到Amazon S3桶时，对象是加密的?
A. Set a CORS configuration.
B. Set a bucket policy to encrypt all Amazon S3 objects.存储桶策略：安全相关，允许谁可以访问，谁不能访问之类
C. Enable default encryption on the bucket.
D. Set permission for users.
Answer:
知识点：Amazon S3 可以 默认加密
不设权限，想访问s3 ，可以用url访问

★Question 115
An application tier currently hosts two web services on the same set of instances, listening on different ports.
Which AWS service should a Solutions Architect use to route traffic to the service based on the incoming request
path?
应用程序层目前在同一组实例上承载两个web服务，它们监听不同的端口。
解决方案架构师应该使用哪个AWS服务根据传入请求路径将流量路由到服务?
A. AWS Application Load Balancer
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. Amazon Classic Load Balancer
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer:
知识点 ： ALB
查ALB
监听不同端口


★Question 116
A data analytics startup company asks a Solutions Architect to recommend an AWS data store options for
indexed data. The data processing engine will generate and input more than 64 TB of processed data every day,
with item sizes reaching up to 300 KB. The startup is flexible with data storage and is more interested in a
database that requires minimal effort to scale with a growing dataset size.
Which AWS data store service should the Architect recommend?
一家数据分析初创公司请一位解决方案架构师为索引数据推荐AWS数据存储选项。
数据处理引擎每天将产生和输入超过64tb的处理数据，
项目大小高达300 KB。
初创公司在数据存储方面很灵活，而且更感兴趣的是那些需要最少努力来适应不断增长的数据集大小的数据库。
架构师应该推荐哪种AWS数据存储服务?
A. Amazon RDS        最大64TB
B. Amazon Redshift   ？

C. Amazon DynamoDB   无限容量
D. Amazon S3         索引数据不能用S3

Answer:

★Question 117
A Solutions Architect needs to allow developers to have SSH connectivity to web servers. The requirements are
as follows:
Limit access to users origination from the corporate network. Web servers cannot have SSH access directly from
the Internet. Web servers reside in a private subnet.
Which combination of steps must the Architect complete to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
解决方案架构师需要允许开发人员通过SSH连接到web服务器。
要求如下:
限制来自公司网络的用户访问。
Web服务器不能直接从Internet访问SSH。
Web服务器位于私有子网中。
架构师必须完成哪些步骤组合才能满足这些需求?
(选择两个。)
A. Create a bastion host that authenticates users against the corporate directory.
B. Create a bastion host with security group rules that only allow traffic from the corporate network.
C. Attach an IAM role to the bastion host with relevant permissions.
D. Configure the web servers' security group to allow SSH traffic from a bastion host.
E. Deny all SSH traffic from the corporate network in the inbound network ACL.///拒绝所有的就不行
Answer:
查【bastion host】
知识点 堡垒主机，安全组，角色
堡垒主机  限制用户访问公司网络


★Question 118
A Solutions Architect needs to use AWS to implement pilot light disaster recovery for a three-tier web380
application hosted in an on-premises datacenter.
Which solution allows rapid provision of working, fully-scaled production environment?
解决方案架构师需要使用AWS为托管在本地数据中心的三层web380应用程序实现实验性轻灾难恢复。
哪种解决方案允许快速提供工作的、完全规模的生产环境?
A. Continuously replicate the production database server to Amazon RDS. Use AWS
CloudFormation to deploy the application and any additional servers if necessary.
B. Continuously replicate the production database server to Amazon RDS. Create one application load
balancer and register on-premises servers. Configure ELB Application Load Balancer to automatically
deploy Amazon EC2 instances for application and additional servers if the on-premises application is
down.     ///ELB没法自动部署EC2、ELB可以负载均衡流量，不能自动部署
C. Use a scheduled Lambda function to replicate the production database to AWS. Use Amazon
Route 53 health checks to deploy the application automatically to Amazon S3 if production is
unhealthy.
D. Use a scheduled Lambda function to replicate the production database to AWS. Register onpremises
servers to an Auto Scaling group and deploy the application and additional servers if
production is unavailable.
Answer:Lambda不对

★Question 119
A Solutions Architect notices slower response times from an application. The CloudWatch metrics on the
MySQL RDS indicate Read IOPS are high and fluctuate significantly when the database is under load. How
should the database environment be re-designed to resolve the IOPS fluctuation?
解决方案架构师注意到应用程序的响应时间较慢。
MySQL RDS上的CloudWatch指标表明读IOPS很高，并且在数据库负载时波动很大。
如何重新设计数据库环境来解决IOPS波动问题?
A. Change the RDS instance type to get more RAM.
B. Change the storage type to Provisioned IOPS.
C. Scale the web server tier horizontally.
D. Split the DB layer into separate RDS instances.
Answer:关键词【IOPS】

★Question 120
A Solutions Architect is designing a solution that can monitor memory and disk space utilization of all
Amazon EC2 instances running Amazon Linux and Windows.
Which solution meets this requirement?
一名解决方案架构师正在设计一种解决方案，可以监视运行Amazon Linux和Windows的所有Amazon EC2实例的内存和磁盘空间利用率。
哪个解决方案符合这个要求?
A. Default Amazon CloudWatch metrics.
B. Custom Amazon CloudWatch metrics.
C. Amazon Inspector resource monitoring.
D. Default monitoring of Amazon EC2 instances.
Answer:

在EC2上按安装代理，之后CloudWatch可以看到内存
Custom//包括安装代理

★Question 121
A Solutions Architect is creating a new relational database. The Compliance team will use the database, and
mandates that data content must be stored across three different Availability Zones. Which of the following
options should the Architect Use?
解决方案架构师正在创建一个新的关系数据库。
法规遵循团队将使用数据库，并要求数据内容必须存储在三个不同的可用性区域中。
架构师应该使用下列哪个选项?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. Amazon RDS
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer:A
三个可用区，每个可用区2个副本
自动有6个副本


★Question 122
A company needs to quickly ensure that all files created in an Amazon S3 bucket in us-east-1 are also
available in another bucket in ap-southeast-2.
Which option represents the SIMPLIEST（最简单的） way to implement this design?
公司需要迅速确保在us-east-1的Amazon S3 bucket中创建的所有文件也可以在ap-southeast-2的另一个bucket中使用。
哪个选项代表了实现这个设计的最简单的方法?
A. Add an S3 lifecycle rule to move any files from the bucket in us-east-1 to the bucket in apsoutheast-
2.  生命周期有时间延迟
B. Create a Lambda function to be triggered for every new file in us-east-1 that copies the file to the
bucket in ap-southeast-2.     也能实现但是不是最简单的
C. Use SNS to notify the bucket in ap-southeast-2 to create a file whenever the file is created in the bucket in useast-
1.
D. Enable versioning and configure cross-region replication from the bucket in us-east-1 to the
bucket in ap-southeast-2.
Answer:
题目：不同区域  考点 跨区域自动copy

知识点：版本控制


★Question 123
An organization has a long-running image processing application that runs on Spot Instances that will be
terminated when interrupted. A highly available workload must be designed to respond to Spot Instance
interruption notices. The solution must include a two-minute warning when there is not enough capacity.
How can these requirements be met?
组织有一个长时间运行的图像处理应用程序，该应用程序在被中断时将终止。
必须设计一个高可用性工作负载来响应Spot实例中断通知。
当容量不足时，解决方案必须包含一个两分钟的警告。
如何满足这些要求?
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events to invoke an AWS Lambda function that can launch On-
Demand Instances. 启动按需实例
B. Regularly store data from the application on Amazon DynamoDB. Increase the maximum number of
instances in the AWS Auto Scaling group.
C. Manually place a bid for additional Spot Instances at a higher price in the same AWS Region and
Availability Zone.
D. Ensure that the Amazon Machine Image associated with the application has the latest
configurations for the launch configuration.最小的ami 效果是启动的快
Answer:

知识点：Amazon Machine Image

★Question 124
A company has an Amazon RDS-managed online transaction processing system that has very heavy read and
write. The Solutions Architect notices throughput issues with the system. How can the responsiveness of the
primary database be improved?
某公司拥有Amazon rds管理的在线交易处理系统，该系统的读写操作非常繁重。
解决方案架构师会注意到系统的吞吐量问题。
如何提高主数据库的响应能力?
A. Use asynchronous replication for standby to maximize throughput during peak demand. 异步复制
B. Offload SELECT queries that can tolerate stale data to READ replica.
C. Offload SELECT and UPDATE queries to READ replica.
D. Offload SELECT query that needs the most current data to READ replica.
Answer: TODO 因为是异步复制，所以只读副本存在延迟，D需要最新的数据，所以不合适。
只读副本是异步复制
Offload：卸载

★Question 125
A company is designing a failover strategy in Amazon Route 53 for its resources between two AWS
Regions.
The company must have the ability to route a user's traffic to the region with least latency, and if both regions
are healthy, Route 53 should route traffic to resources in both regions.
Which strategy should the Solutions Architect recommend?
一家公司正在Amazon Route 53为两个AWS区域之间的资源设计故障转移策略。
公司必须有能力将用户流量路由到延迟最小的地区，如果两个地区都正常，route 53应该将流量路由到两个地区的资源。
解决方案架构师应该推荐哪种策略?
A. Configure active-active failover using Route 53 latency DNS records.
B. Configure active-passive failover using Route 53 latency DNS records.
C. Configure active-active failover using Route 53 failover DNS records.
D. Configure active-passive failover using Route 53 failover DNS records.
Answer:

知识点：Route53 白皮书的303页
1）
  1  主动主动策略 active-active
     两方都一样，路由流量
  2  主动被动策略 active-passive
     主要路由到主动站点，当该站点故障后，路由到被动站点

   地理位置路由策略
2）
  1  故障路由
  2  

★Question 126
A company is developing several critical long-running applications hosted on Docker.How should a
Solutions Architect design a solution to meet the scalability and orchestration requirements on AWS?
一家公司正在开发几个关键的长时间运行的应用程序托管在Docker上。
解决方案架构师应该如何设计一个解决方案来满足AWS上的可伸缩性和编配需求?
A. Use Amazon ECS and Service Auto Scaling.
B. Use Spot Instances for orchestration and for scaling containers on existing Amazon EC2
instances.
C. Use AWS OpsWorks to launch containers in new Amazon EC2 instances.
D. Use Auto Scaling groups to launch containers on existing Amazon EC2 instances.
Answer:
关键词 docker  
docker就看ECS

查ECS

★Question 127
A Solutions Architect is developing a new web application on AWS. The Architect expects the application to
become very popular, so the application must scale to support the load. The Architect wants to focus on
software development and deploying new features without provisioning or managing instances. What solution
is appropriate?
一位解决方案架构师正在AWS上开发一个新的web应用程序。
架构师希望应用程序变得非常流行，因此应用程序必须扩展以支持负载。
架构师希望专注于软件开发和部署新特性，而不需要配置或管理实例。
什么解决方案是合适的?
A. Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda
B. Elastic Load Balancing with Auto Scaling groups and Amazon EC2
C. Amazon API Gateway and Amazon EC2
D. Amazon CloudFront and AWS Lambda
Answer:
API Gateway ：暴露给客户的api
AWS Lambda ： 在后台实现逻辑

★Question 128
An organization designs a mobile application for their customers to upload photos to a site. The
application needs a secure login with MFA. The organization wants to limit the initial build time and
maintenance of the solution.
Which solution should a Solutions Architect recommend to meet the requirements?
一个组织为他们的客户设计了一个移动应用程序来上传照片到站点。
该应用程序需要一个安全登录与MFA。
组织希望限制解决方案的初始构建时间和维护。
解决方案架构师应该推荐哪种解决方案来满足需求?
A. Use Amazon Cognito Identity with SMS-based MFA.
B. Edit AWS IAM policies to require MFA for all users.
C. Federate IAM against corporate AD that requires MFA.
D. Use Amazon API Gateway and require SSE for photos.
Answer:
查 MFA
   Cognito

★Question 129
A Solutions Architect is designing a solution to monitor weather changes by the minute. The frontend
application is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The backend must be scalable to a virtually unlimited size, and
data retrieval must occur with minimal latency.
Which AWS service should the Architect use to store the data and achieve these requirements?
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个解决方案，以每分钟监控天气变化。前端应用程序托管在Amazon EC2实例上。
后端必须是可伸缩的，大小几乎是无限的，并且数据检索必须以最小的延迟进行。
架构师应该使用哪个AWS服务来存储数据并实现这些需求?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon RDS
D. Amazon EBS
Answer:B

★Question 130
A company hosts a website on premises. The website has a mix of static and dynamic content, but
users experience latency when loading static files. Which AWS service can help reduce latency?
一家公司在经营场所开设了一个网站。
该网站混合了静态和动态内容，但用户在加载静态文件时会经历延迟。
哪些AWS服务可以帮助减少延迟?
A. Amazon CloudFront with on-premises servers as the origin
B. ELB Application Load Balancer
C. Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing
D. Amazon EFS to store and server static files
Answer:
关键词CloudFront

★Question 131
A company wants to analyze all of its sales information aggregated over the last 12 months. The company
expects there to be over 10TB of data from multiple sources. What service should be used?
公司希望分析过去12个月汇总的所有销售信息。
该公司预计将有超过10TB来自多个来源的数据。
应该使用什么服务?
A. Amazon DynamoDB      没有分析功能
B. Amazon Aurora MySQL
C. Amazon RDS MySQL
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: 
很多源，所以格式不统一，不能用关系型数据库

★Question 132
A media company has deployed a multi-tier architecture on AWS. Web servers are deployed in two
Availability Zones using an Auto Scaling group with a default Auto Scaling termination policy. The
web servers' Auto Scaling group currently has 15 instances running.
Which instance will be terminated first during a scale-in operation?
一家媒体公司在AWS上部署了一个多层架构。
Web服务器使用自动伸缩组和默认的自动伸缩终止策略部署在两个可用区域中。
web服务器的自动伸缩组目前有15个实例正在运行。
在缩放操作中，哪个实例将首先被终止?
A. The instance with the oldest launch configuration.
B. The instance in the Availability Zone that has most instances.  多的先被所缩减
C. The instance closest to the next billing hour.
D. The oldest instance in the group.
Answer: 
知识点：那些被缩减
1 那个可用区实例多，哪个先被缩减
2 哪一个旧，旧的先
3 哪一个接近计费周期

★Question 133
A retail company has sensors placed in its physical retail stores. The sensors send messages over HTTP
when customers interact with in-store product displays. A Solutions Architect needs to implement a system for
processing those sensor messages; the results must be available for the Data Analysis team.
Which architecture should be used to meet these requirements?
一家零售公司在其实体零售店安装了传感器。
当顾客与店内产品显示交互时，传感器通过HTTP发送消息。
解决方案架构师需要实现一个系统来处理这些传感器消息;
结果必须提供给数据分析团队。
应该使用哪种体系结构来满足这些需求?
A. Implement an Amazon API Gateway to server as the HTTP endpoint. Have the API Gateway
trigger an AWS Lambda function to process the messages, and save the results to an Amazon
DynamoDB table.
B. Create an Amazon EC2 instance to server as the HTTP endpoint and to process the messages.
Save the results to Amazon S3 for the Data Analysis team to download.
C. Use Amazon Route 53 to direct incoming sensor messages to a Lambda function to process the
message and save the results to a Amazon DynamoDB table.
D. Use AWS Direct Connect to connect sensors to DynamoDB so that data can be written directly to a
DynamoDB table where it can be accessed by the Data Analysis team.
Answer:
API Gateway

★Question 134
A client is migrating a legacy web application to the AWS Cloud. The current system uses an Oracle database as
a relational database management system solution. Backups occur every night, and the data is stored onpremises.
The Solutions Architect must automate the backups and identity a storage solution while keeping
costs low.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
客户端正在将一个遗留的web应用程序迁移到AWS云。
当前系统使用Oracle数据库作为关系数据库管理系统解决方案。
每天晚上都进行备份，数据存储在本地。
解决方案架构师必须自动化备份和标识存储解决方案，同时保持低成本。
哪些AWS服务将满足这些要求?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon RedShift
C. Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer:oracle是关系型数据库

★Question 135
A company has an Amazon RDS database backing its production website. The Sales team needs to
run queries against the database to track training program effectiveness. Queries against the
production database cannot impact performance, and the solution must be easy to maintain. How
can these requirements be met?
一家公司有Amazon RDS数据库支持其生产网站。
销售团队需要对数据库运行查询，以跟踪培训计划的有效性。
针对生产数据库的查询不会影响性能，而且解决方案必须易于维护。
如何满足这些要求?
A. Use an Amazon Redshift database. Copy the product database into Redshift and allow the team to
query it.
B. Use an Amazon RDS read replica of the production database and allow the team to query against it.
C. Use multiple Amazon EC2 instances running replicas of the production database, placed behind a load
balancer.
D. Use an Amazon DynamoDB table to store a copy of the data.
Answer:只读副本
关键词：read replica

★Question 136
A company must collect temperature data from thousands of remote weather devices. The company must also
store this data in a data warehouse to run aggregations and visualizations. Which services will meet these
requirements? (Choose two.)
一家公司必须从数千个远程天气设备中收集温度数据。
公司还必须将这些数据存储在数据仓库中，以运行聚合和可视化。
哪些服务将满足这些要求?
(选择两个。)
A. Amazon Kinesis Data Firehouse
B. Amazon SQS
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon SNS
E. Amazon DynamoDB
Answer:
关键词：thousands  //  成千上万数据用流
        warehouse  //  数据仓库

★Question 137
A company has a legal requirement to store point-in-time copies of its Amazon RDS PostGreSQL database
instance in facilities that are at least 200 miles apart.
Use of which of the following provides the easiest way to comply with this requirement?
根据法律要求，公司必须将其Amazon RDS PostGreSQL数据库实例的时间点副本存储在至少相距200英里的设施中。
使用下列哪一种方法最容易达到这个要求?
A. Cross-region read replica
B. Multiple Availability Zone snapshot copy
C. Multiple Availability Zone read replica
D. Cross-region snapshot copy
Answer:
200 miles 超过城市范围，跨区域

★Question 138
After reviewing their logs, a startup company noticed large, random spikes in traffic to their web application. The
company wants to configure a cost-efficient Auto Scaling solution to support high availability of the web
application.
Which scaling plan should a Solutions Architect recommend to meet the company's needs?
在查看了他们的日志后，一家初创公司注意到他们的web应用程序的流量出现了巨大的随机峰值。
该公司希望配置一个经济高效的自动扩展解决方案，以支持web应用程序的高可用性。
解决方案架构师应该推荐哪种扩展计划来满足公司的需求?
A. Dynamic    动态的
B. Scheduled  计划的 
C. Manual     手工
D. Lifecycle  生命周期
Answer:A

★Question 139
To meet compliance standards, a company must have encrypted archival data storage. Data will be
accessed infrequently, with lead times well in advance of when archived data must be recovered. The
company requires that the storage be secure, durable, and provided at the lowest price per 1TB of data
stored.What type of storage should be used?
为了满足合规标准，公司必须对归档数据进行加密存储。
数据将不经常被访问，提前很长时间必须恢复归档的数据。
该公司要求存储安全、耐用，并以每1TB数据最低的价格提供。
应该使用哪种储存方式?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon EBS
C. Amazon Glacier
D. Amazon EFS
Answer:C

★Question 140
An online company wants to conduct real-time sentiment analysis about its products from its social media
channels using SQL.
Which of the following solutions has the LOWEST cost and operational burden?
一家在线公司想利用SQL从其社交媒体渠道对其产品进行实时情感分析。
下列哪个解决方案具有最低的成本和操作负担?
A. Set up a streaming data ingestion application on Amazon EC2 and connect it to a Hadoop cluster for
data processing. Send the output to Amazon S3 and use Amazon Athena to analyze the data.
B. Configure the input stream using Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to
write SQL queries against the stream.
C. Configure the input stream using Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Use Amazon Kinesis Data
Firehose to send data to an Amazon Redshift cluster, and then query directly against Amazon
Redshift
D. Set up streaming data ingestion application on Amazon EC2 and send the output to Amazon S3
using Kinesis Data Firehose. Use Athena to analyze the data.
Answer:
Hadoop 大数据分析工具

★Question 141
An organization must process a stream of large-volume hashtag data in real time and needs to run custom SQL
queries on the data to get insights on certain tags. The organization needs this solution to be elastic and
does not want to manage clusters.
Which of the following AWS services meets these requirements?
组织必须实时处理大量的标签数据流，并需要对这些数据运行定制的SQL查询，以了解特定的标签。
组织需要这个解决方案具有弹性，并且不希望管理集群。
下列哪项AWS服务符合这些要求?
A. Amazon Elasticsearch Service
B. Amazon Athena     //实时分析，不存到S3上
C. Amazon Redshift   //数据仓库
D. Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics
Answer:

查 AB
  1：Elasticsearch 弹性检索服务
  2：Amazon Athena aws服务 标准的SQL分析S3的数据

关键词  stream  // Kinesis


★Question 142
Which requirements must be met in order for a Solutions Architect to specify that an Amazon EC2 instance
should stop rather than terminate when its Spot Instance is interrupted? (Choose two.)
解决方案架构师必须满足哪些需求才能指定Amazon EC2实例应该在其Spot实例被中断时停止，而不是终止?
(选择两个。)
A. The Spot Instance request type must be one-time.  //用完及仍
B. The Spot Instance request type must be persistent.//长期用
C. The root volume must be an Amazon EBS volume.     //
D. The root volume must be an instance store volume.//会丢失
E. The launch configuration is changed.
Answer:

知识点：spot实例  //停止和终止的区别

★Question 143
An application hosted on AWS uses object storage for storing internal reports that are accessed daily by the CFO.
Currently, these reports are publicly available.
How should a Solutions Architect re-design this architecture to prevent unauthorized access to these
reports?
托管在AWS上的应用程序使用对象存储来存储财务总监每天访问的内部报告。
目前，这些报告是公开的。
解决方案架构师应该如何重新设计该架构，以防止未授权访问这些报告?
A. Encrypt the files on the client side and store the files on Amazon Glacier, then decrypt the reports on the
client side.
B. Move the files to Amazon ElastiCache and provide a username and password for downloading the
reports.
C. Specify the use of AWS KMS server-side encryption at the time of an object creation on Amazon S3.  //加密
D. Store the files on Amazon S3 and use the application to generate S3 pre-signed URLs to users.
Answer:

★Question 144
A Solutions Architect is designing an application on AWS that will connect to the on-premise data center
through a VPN connection. The solution must be able to log network traffic over the VPN. Which service
logs this network traffic?
一个解决方案架构师正在AWS上设计一个通过VPN连接到本地数据中心的应用程序。
解决方案必须能够通过VPN记录网络流量。
哪个服务记录这个网络流量?
A. AWS CloudTrail logs
B. Amazon VPC flow logs
C. Amazon S3 bucket logs
D. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
Answer:网络相关 vpc流量

★Question 145
A company wants to durably store data in 8 KB chunks. The company will access the data once every few
months. However, when the company does access the data, it must be done with as little latency as possible.
Which AWS service should a Solutions Architect recommend if cost is NOT a factor?
一家公司希望以8kb的块持久地存储数据。
该公司将每隔几个月访问一次这些数据。
然而，当公司确实访问数据时，必须以尽可能少的延迟完成。
如果成本不是考虑因素，解决方案架构师应该推荐哪种AWS服务?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon EBS Throughput Optimized HDD Volumes
C. Amazon EBS Cold HDD Volumes
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer:A

★Question 146
A Solutions Architect is deploying a new production MySQL database on AWS. It is critical that the database is
highly available.//高可用性
What should the Architect do to achieve this goal with Amazon RDS?
一个解决方案架构师正在AWS上部署一个新的生产MySQL数据库。
数据库的高可用性至关重要。
架构师应该怎么做才能用Amazon RDS实现这个目标?
A. Create a read replica of the primary database and deploy it in a different AWS Region.
B. Enable multi-AZ to create a standby database in a different Availability Zone.
C. Enable multi-AZ to create a standby database in a different AWS Region.
D. Create a read replica of the primary database and deploy it in a different Availability Zone.
Answer:

★Question 147
An on-premises database is experiencing significant performance problems when running SQL queries. With
10 users, the lookups are performing as expected. As the number of users increases, the lookups take three
times longer than expected to return values to an application.
Which action should a Solutions Architect take to maintain performance as the user count increases?
本地数据库在运行SQL查询时遇到了严重的性能问题。
如果有10个用户，查找将按预期执行。
随着用户数量的增加，查找要比预期的向应用程序返回值的时间长三倍。
当用户数量增加时，解决方案架构师应该采取哪些行动来维护性能?
A. Use Amazon SQS.
B. Deploy Multi-AZ RDS MySQL
C. Configure Amazon RDS with additional read replicas.
D. Migrate from MySQL to RDS Microsoft SQL Server.
Answer:只读副本

★Question 148
A team has an application that detects new objects being uploaded into an Amazon S3 bucket. The
uploadstrigger a Lambda function to write object metadata into an Amazon DynamoDB table and RDS
PostgreSQL database.
Which action should the team take to ensure high availability?
一个团队有一个应用程序，可以检测上传到Amazon S3桶中的新对象。
uploadstrigger是一个Lambda函数，用于将对象元数据写入Amazon DynamoDB表和RDS PostgreSQL数据库。
团队应该采取哪些行动来确保高可用性?
A. Enable cross-region replication in the Amazon S3 bucket.
B. Create a Lambda function for each Availability Zone the application is deployed in.
C. Enable multi-AZ on the RDS PostgreSQL database.
D. Create a DynamoDB stream for the DynamoDB table.
Answer:

※Dynamodb, Lambda and S3 are already high available. Only option not being, is RDS.
Dynamodb、Lambda和S3已经是高可用的了。唯一不存在的选择就是RDS。

★Question 149
A company wants to improve the performance of their web application after receiving customer complaints.
An analysis concluded that the same complex database queries were causing increased latency.
What should a Solutions Architect recommend to improve the application's performance?
一家公司希望在收到客户投诉后改进其web应用程序的性能。
一项分析得出的结论是，同样复杂的数据库查询导致延迟增加。
解决方案架构师应该推荐什么方法来提高应用程序的性能?
A. Migrate the database to MySQL.
B. Use Amazon RedShift to analyze the queries.
C. Integrate Amazon ElastiCache into the application.
D. Use a Lambda-triggered request to the backend database.
Answer:C
关键词：相同复杂结果 same complex database queries //用内存数据库缓存结果

★Question 150
A Solutions Architect is designing a public-facing web application for employees to upload images to their
social media account. The application consists of multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an elastic load
balancer, an Amazon S3 bucket where uploaded images are stored, and an Amazon DynamoDB table for
storing image metadata.
Which AWS service can the Architect use to automate the process of updating metadata in the DynamoDB
table upon image upload?
一位解决方案架构师正在设计一个面向公众的web应用程序，以便员工将图片上传到他们的社交媒体账户。
该应用程序由弹性负载均衡器背后的多个Amazon EC2实例、存储上传图像的Amazon S3桶和存储图像元数据的Amazon DynamoDB表组成。
架构师可以使用哪个AWS服务在图像上传时自动更新DynamoDB表中的元数据?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS Lambda
D. Amazon SQS
Answer:C

★Question 151
An Internet-facing multi-tier web application must be highly available. An ELB Classic Load
Balancer is deployed in front of the web tier. Amazon EC2 instances at the web application tier are
deployed evenly across two Availability Zones. The database is deployed using RDS Multi-AZ. A
NAT instance is launched for Amazon EC2 instances and database resources to access the Internet.
These instances are not assigned with public IP addresses.
Which component poses a potential single point of failure in this architecture?
一个面向internet的多层web应用程序必须是高可用的。
ELB经典负载平衡器部署在web层的前端。
web应用程序层的Amazon EC2实例均匀地部署在两个可用性区域中。
数据库部署方式为RDS Multi-AZ。
为Amazon EC2实例和数据库资源启动了一个NAT实例来访问Internet。
这些实例没有被分配公共IP地址。
在这个体系结构中，哪个组件造成了潜在的单点故障?
A. Amazon EC2
B. NAT instance
C. ELB Classic Load Balancer
D. Amazon RDS
Answer:
NAT instance 单点故障
NAT gatway区别 ，教育资料

★Question 152
A customer owns a simple API for their website that receives about 1,000 requests each day and has
an average response time of 50 ms. It is currently hosted on one c4.large instance.
Which changes to the architecture will provide high availability at the LOWEST cost?
客户为其网站拥有一个简单的API，每天接收大约1000个请求，平均响应时间为50毫秒。
它目前托管在一个c4large实例上。
对架构的哪些更改将以最低的成本提供高可用性?
A. Create an Auto Scaling group with a minimum of one instance and a maximum of two instances, then
use an Application Load Balancer to balance the traffic.
B. Recreate the API using Amazon API Gateway and use AWS Lambda as the service backend.
C. Create an Auto Scaling group with a maximum of two instances, then use an Application Load
Balancer to balance the traffic.
D. Recreate the API using Amazon API Gateway and integrate the new API with the existingbackend
service.  用后台逻辑不变，不能退掉EC2

Answer:

关键词：1000 requests

lambda      按次数计费
API Gateway 按次数计费
EC2         按秒计费

★Question 153
A Solution Architect is designing an application that uses Amazon EBS volumes. The volumes must
be backed up to a different region.
How should the Architect meet this requirement?
解决方案架构师正在设计一个使用Amazon EBS卷的应用程序。
卷必须备份到不同的区域。
架构师应该如何满足这一需求?
A. Create EBS snapshots directly from one region to another.
B. Move the data to an Amazon S3 bucket and enable cross-region replication.
C. Create EBS snapshots and then copy them to the desired region.
D. Use a script to copy data from the current Amazon EBS volume to the destination Amazon EBS
volume.
Answer:

快照


★Question 154
A company is using an Amazon S3 bucket located in us-west-2 to serve videos to their customers. Their
customers are located all around the world and the videos are requested a lot during peak hours. Customers
in Europe complain about experiencing slow downloaded speeds, and during peak hours, customers in all
locations report experiencing HTTP 500 errors. What can a Solutions Architect do to address these issues?
一家公司正在使用位于us-west-2的Amazon S3存储桶向他们的客户提供视频。
他们的客户分布在世界各地，在高峰时间视频被要求很多。
欧洲的客户抱怨下载速度太慢，在高峰时间，所有地方的客户都报告遇到HTTP 500错误。
解决方案架构师如何解决这些问题?
A. Place an elastic load balancer in front of the Amazon S3 bucket to distribute the load during peak
hours.
B. Cache the web content with Amazon CloudFront and use all Edge locations for content delivery.
C. Replicate the bucket in eu-west-1 and use an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy to determine
which bucket it should serve the request to.  // 故障转移不对
D. Use an Amazon Route 53 weighted routing policy for the CloudFront domain name to
distribute the GET request between CloudFront and the Amazon S3 bucket directly.//加权路由策略
Answer:

★Question 155
A Solutions Architect is designing a solution that includes a managed VPN connection. To monitor whether
the VPN connection is up or down, the Architect should use:
解决方案架构师正在设计一个包含托管VPN连接的解决方案。
要监视VPN连接是up还是down，架构师应该使用:
A. an external service to ping the VPN endpoint from outside the VPC.
B. AWS CloudTrail to monitor the endpoint.
C. the CloudWatch TunnelState Metric.
D. an AWS Lambda function that parses the VPN connection logs.
Answer:

CloudWatch TunnelState Metric就是为了确认VPN是不是通的

★Question 156
A social networking portal experiences latency and throughput issues due to an increased number of users.
Application servers use very large datasets from an Amazon RDS database,
which creates a performance bottleneck on the database. Which AWS
service should be used to improve performance?
由于用户数量的增加，社交网络门户会遇到延迟和吞吐量问题。
应用服务器使用来自Amazon RDS数据库的非常大的数据集，这在数据库上造成了性能瓶颈。
哪个AWS服务应该用来提高性能?
A. Auto Scaling
B. Amazon SQS
C. Amazon ElastiCache
D. ELB Application Load Balancer
Answer:
关键词：large datasets 大数据集
内存数据库

★Question 157
A Solutions Architect is designing network architecture for an application that has compliance requirements. The
application will be hosted on Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet and
will be using Amazon S3 for storing data. The compliance requirements mandate that the data
cannot traverse the public Internet.
What is the MOST secure way to satisfy this requirement?
解决方案架构师正在为具有遵从性需求的应用程序设计网络架构。
应用程序将托管在一个私有子网中的Amazon EC2实例上
将使用Amazon S3存储数据。
遵从性要求要求数据不能穿越公共Internet。
满足这一要求最安全的方法是什么?
A. Use a NAT Instance.
B. Use a NAT Gateway.
C. Use a VPC endpoint.
D. Use a Virtual Private Gateway.
Answer:
不能从公共网络访问 所以不能用NAT和VPN
EC2 访问 S3
用endpoint

★Question 158
A Solutions Architect is designing a photo application on AWS. Every time a user uploads a photo to Amazon S3,
the Architect must insert a new item to a DynamoDB table.
Which AWS-managed service is the BEST fit to insert the item?
一位解决方案架构师正在AWS上设计一个照片应用程序。
每次用户向Amazon S3上传照片时，
架构师必须向DynamoDB表插入一个新项。
哪个aws管理的服务最适合插入项目?
A. Lambda@Edge  //边缘计算  
B. AWS Lambda
C. Amazon API Gateway
D. Amazon EC2 instances
Answer:

★Question 159
An application relies on messages being sent and received in order. The volume will never
exceed more than 300 transactions each second.
Which service should be used?
应用程序依赖于按顺序发送和接收消息。
每秒钟的交易量不会超过300个事务。
应该使用哪种服务?
A. Amazon SQS
B. Amazon SNS
C. Amazon ECS
D. AWS STS
Answer:

关键词  messages ... in order

★Question 160
A Solutions Architect is designing an application on AWS that uses persistent block storage.
Data must be encrypted at rest.
Which solution meets the requirement?
一位解决方案架构师正在AWS上设计一个使用持久块存储的应用程序。
数据必须在静止状态下加密。
哪个解决方案符合要求?
A. Enable SSL on Amazon EC2 instances.
B. Encrypt Amazon EBS volumes on Amazon EC2 instances.
C. Enable server-side encryption on Amazon S3.
D. Encrypt Amazon EC2 Instance Storage.
Answer:

★Question 161
A company is launching a static website using the zone apex (mycompany.com). The company
wants to use Amazon Route 53 for DNS.
Which steps should the company perform to implement a scalable and cost-effective solution?
(Choose two.)
一家公司正在使用zone apex (mycompany.com)推出一个静态网站。
该公司希望使用Amazon Route 53作为DNS服务。
公司应该执行哪些步骤来实现一个可扩展的和具有成本效益的解决方案?
(选择两个。)
A. Host the website on an Amazon EC2 instance with ELB and Auto Scaling, and map a Route 53 alias
record to the ELB endpoint.
B. Host the website using AWS Elastic Beanstalk, and map a Route 53 alias record to the Beanstalk stack.//静态 不需要动态部署
C. Host the website on an Amazon EC2 instance, and map a Route 53 alias record to the public IP
address of the Amazon EC2 instance.
D. Serve the website from an Amazon S3 bucket, and map a Route 53 alias record to the website
endpoint.
E. Create a Route 53 hosted zone, and set the NS records of the domain to use Route 53 name
servers.
Answer:

查 hosted zone

★Question 162
A Solutions Architect is developing software on AWS that requires access to multiple AWS services,
including an Amazon EC2 instance. This is a security sensitive application, and AWS
credentials such as Access Key ID and Secret Access Key need to be protected and cannot be exposed anywhere
in the system.What security measure would satisfy these requirements?
一位解决方案架构师正在AWS上开发需要访问多个AWS服务的软件，包括一个Amazon EC2实例。
这是一个安全敏感的应用程序，AWS凭据(如访问密钥ID和秘密访问密钥)需要受到保护，并且不能在系统的任何地方公开。
什么样的安全措施才能满足这些要求?
A. Store the AWS Access Key ID/Secret Access Key combination in software comments.
B. Assign an IAM user to the Amazon EC2 instance.
C. Assign an IAM role to the Amazon EC2 instance.
D. Enable multi-factor authentication for the AWS root account.
Answer:
知识点：multi-factor  MF多设备登录

★Question 163
A Solutions Architect is architecting a workload that requires a performant object-based storage
system that must be shared with multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
Which AWS service meets this requirement?
解决方案架构师正在构建一个工作负载，该工作负载需要一个性能基于对象的存储系统，该系统必须与多个Amazon EC2实例共享。
哪个AWS服务符合这一要求?
A. Amazon EFS
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon EBS
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer:
对象存储用S3

★Question 164
A media company has more than 100TB of data to be stored and retrieved infrequently. However, the company
occasionally receives requests for data within an hour. The company needs a low- cost retrieval method to
handle the requests.
Which service meets this requirement?
一家媒体公司有超过100TB的数据需要经常存储和检索。
然而，该公司偶尔会在一小时内收到数据请求。
该公司需要一种低成本的检索方法来处理请求。
哪个服务符合这个要求?
A. Amazon S3 Standard
B. Amazon Glacier standard retrievals
C. Amazon Glacier bulk retrievals
D. Amazon S3 Standard Infrequent Access
Answer: 1小时 Glacier达不到，不经常访问S3

★Question 165
A media company must store 10 TB of audio recordings. Retrieval happens infrequently and requestors agree
on an 8-hour turnaround time.
What is the MOST cost-effective solution to store the files?
媒体公司必须存储10tb的音频。
检索很少发生，请求者同意8小时的周转时间。
存储文件的最经济有效的解决方案是什么?
A. Amazon S3 Standard ?Infrequent Access (Standard ?IA)
B. EBS Throughput Optimized HDD (st1)
C. EBS Cold HDD (sc1)
D. Amazon Glacier
Answer:

★Question 166
Which tool analyzes account resources and provides a detailed inventory of changes over time?
哪个工具分析帐户资源并提供随时间变化的详细清单?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. AWS Service Catalog
Answer:

查Config

★Question 167
A Solutions Architect is designing a solution that will include a database in Amazon
RDS. Corporate security policy mandates that the database, its logs, and its backups are all encrypted.
Which is the MOST efficient option to fulfill the security policy using Amazon RDS?
解决方案架构师正在设计一个解决方案，该解决方案将在Amazon RDS中包含一个数据库。
公司的安全策略要求数据库、日志和备份都是加密的。
使用Amazon RDS实现安全策略的最有效选择是哪一个?
A. Launch an Amazon RDS instance with encryption enabled. Enable encryption for logs and
backups.
B. Launch an Amazon RDS instance. Enable encryption for database, logs and backups.
C. Launch an Amazon RDS instance with encryption enabled. Logs and backups are automatically
encrypted.
D. Launch an Amazon RDS instance. Enable encryption for backups. Encrypt logs with a
database- engine feature.
Answer:
考点  启用加密选项后就会自动把。。、。。、。。加密
★Question 168
A Solutions Architect is designing a public-facing web application for employees to upload images to their social
media account. The application consists of multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an elastic load balancer, an
Amazon S3 bucket where uploaded images are stored, and an Amazon DynamoDB table for storing image
metadata.
Which AWS service can the Architect use to automate the process of updating metadata in the DynamoDB
table upon image upload?
一位解决方案架构师正在设计一个面向公众的web应用程序，以便员工将图片上传到他们的社交媒体账户。
该应用程序由弹性负载均衡器背后的多个Amazon EC2实例、存储上传图像的Amazon S3桶和存储图像元数据的Amazon DynamoDB表组成。
架构师可以使用哪个AWS服务在图像上传时自动更新DynamoDB表中的元数据?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS Lambda
D. Amazon SQS
Answer:
重题？

★Question 169
A company's policy requires that all data stored in Amazon S3 is encrypted. The company wants to use the
option with the least overhead and does not want to manage any encryption keys.
Which of the following options will meet the company's requirements?
公司的政策要求存储在Amazon S3中的所有数据都是加密的。
该公司希望以最少的开销使用该选项，并且不希望管理任何加密密钥。
以下哪个选项符合公司的要求?
A. ASW CloudHSM   //生成密钥用
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. Server Side Encryption (SSE-S3)
D. Server Side Encryption (SSE-KMS)
Answer: ※least overhead最少费用

查选项

★Question 170
A company has gigabytes of web log files stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. A Solutions Architect
wants to copy those files into Amazon Redshift for analysis. The company's security policy mandates
that data is encrypted at rest both in the Amazon Redshift cluster and the Amazon S3 bucket.
Which process will fulfill the security requirements?
一家公司在Amazon S3桶中存储了千兆字节的web日志文件。
解决方案架构师希望将这些文件复制到Amazon Redshift中进行分析。
该公司的安全政策要求数据在静止状态下在Amazon Redshift集群和Amazon S3桶中进行加密。
哪个过程将满足安全要求?
A. Enable server-side encryption on the Amazon S3 bucket. Launch an unencrypted Amazon
Redshift cluster. Copy the data into the Amazon Redshift cluster.
B. Enable server-side encryption on the Amazon S3 bucket. Copy data from the Amazon S3 bucket into
an unencrypted Redshift cluster. Enable encryption on the cluster.
C. Launch an encrypted Amazon Redshift cluster. Copy the data from the Amazon S3 bucket into the
Amazon Redshift cluster. Copy data back to the Amazon S3 bucket in encrypted form.
D. Enable server-side encryption on the Amazon S3 bucket. Launch an encrypted Amazon
Redshift cluster. Copy the data into the Amazon Redshift cluster.
Answer:读题两边都加密后在做数据copy

★Question 171
An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. When instances are
terminated, the Systems Operations team cannot determine the route cause, because the logs
reside on the terminated instances and are lost.
How can the root cause be determined?
应用程序运行在自动伸缩组中的Amazon EC2实例上。
当实例被终止时，系统操作团队无法确定路由原因，因为日志驻留在被终止的实例上并且丢失了。
如何确定根本原因?
A. Use ephemeral volumes to store the log files.
B. Use a scheduled Amazon CloudWatch Event to take regular Amazon EBS snapshots.
C. Use an Amazon CloudWatch agent to push the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs.
D. Use AWS CloudTrail to pull the logs from the Amazon EC2 instances.
Answer:C 背答案

★Question 172
A Solutions Architect is designing a customer order processing application that will likely have high usage spikes.
What should the Architect do to ensure that customer orders are not lost before being written to an Amazon
RDS database? (Choose two.)
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个客户订单处理应用程序，该应用程序可能有很高的使用峰值。
架构师应该做些什么来确保客户订单在写入Amazon RDS数据库之前不会丢失?
(选择两个。)
A. Use Amazon CloudFront to deliver the application front end.
B. Use Elastic Load Balancing with a round-robin routing algorithm.
C. Have the orders written into an Amazon SQS queue. //队列定义
D. Scale the number of processing nodes based on pending order volume.// 扩容
E. Have a standby Amazon RDS instance in a separate Availability Zone.
Answer:

★Question 173
Employees from several companies use an application once a year during a specific 30-day period. The
periods are different for each company. Traffic to the application spikes during these 30-day periods.
How can the application be designed to handle these traffic spikes?
几家公司的员工每年在一个特定的30天内使用一次这个应用程序。
每个公司的时间都不一样。
应用程序的流量在这30天内达到峰值。
如何设计应用程序来处理这些流量峰值?
A. Use an Amazon Route 53 latency routing policy to route traffic to an Amazon EC2 instance with the
least lag time.
B. Use Amazon S3 to cache static elements of the website requests.
C. Use an Auto Scaling group to scale the number of EC2 instances to match the site traffic.
D. Use Amazon Cloud Front to serve static assets to decrease the load on the EC2 instances.
Answer: 关键词：Auto Scaling


★Question 174
A restaurant reservation application needs the ability to maintain a waiting list. When a customer tries to
reserve a table, and none are available, the customer must be put on the waiting list, and the application
must notify the customer when a table becomes free.
What service should the Solutions Architect recommend to ensure that the system respects the order in which
the customer requests are put onto the waiting list?
餐厅预订应用程序需要能够维护等待名单。
当客户试图预订一个表，但没有可用的表时，必须将客户放入等待列表，应用程序必须在表空闲时通知客户。
解决方案架构师应该推荐什么样的服务，以确保系统遵守将客户请求放到等待列表中的顺序?
A. Amazon SNS 通知功能
B. AWS Lambda with sequential dispatch
C. A FIFO queue in Amazon SQS
D. A standard queue in Amazon SQS
Answer:先进先出队列

★Question 175
A Solutions Architect is designing a solution for a dynamic website, "example.com," that is deployed in two
regions: Tokyo, Japan and Sydney, Australia. The Architect wants to ensure that users located in Australia are
directed to the website deployed in the Sydney region and users located in Japan are redirected to the website
in the Tokyo region when they browse to "example.com".
Which service should the Architect use to achieve this goal with the LEAST administrative effort?
一个解决方案架构师正在为一个动态网站example.com设计一个解决方案，该网站部署在两个地区:日本东京和澳大利亚悉尼。
架构师希望确保位于澳大利亚的用户在浏览“example.com”时被定向到部署在悉尼地区的网站，
而位于日本的用户在浏览“example.com”时被重定向到东京地区的网站。
架构师应该使用哪种服务以最少的管理工作来实现这个目标?
A. Amazon CloudFront with geolocation routing
B. Amazon Route 53
C. Application Load Balancer
D. Network Load Balancer deployed across multiple regions
Answer:Route 53 基于地理位置的路由

★Question 176
A company has a popular multi-player mobile game hosted in its on-premises datacenter. The current
infrastructure can no longer keep up with demand and the company is considering a move to the cloud.
Which solution should a Solutions Architect recommend as the MOST scalable and cost-effective solution to
meet these needs?
一家公司在其内部数据中心托管了一款流行的多人手机游戏。
目前的基础设施已经无法满足需求，该公司正在考虑转向云计算。
解决方案架构师应该推荐哪种解决方案作为最具可伸缩性和成本效益的解决方案来满足这些需求?
A. Amazon EC2 and an Application Load Balancer//ALB分流流量
B. Amazon S3 and Amazon CloudFront
C. Amazon EC2 and Amazon Elastic Transcoder//视频转码服务
D. AWS Lambda and Amazon API Gateway //游戏网站，比较复杂，不能用lambda
Answer:

★Question 177
A company has instances in private subnets that require outbound access to the
internet.This requires:
一个公司在私有子网中有需要出站访问internet的实例。
这就要求:
A. Assigning a public IP address to the instance.
B. Updating the route table associated with the subnet to point internet traffic through a NAT
gateway.
C. Updating the security group associated with the subnet to allow ingress on 0.0.0.0/0.
D. Routing traffic from the instance through a VPC endpoint that has internet access.
Answer:私有子网访问intnete 用NAT

★Question 178
An organization regularly backs up their application data. The application backups are required to be
stored on Amazon S3 for a certain amount of time. The backups should be accessed instantly in the
event of a disaster recovery.
Which of the following Amazon S3 storage classes would be the MOST cost-effective option to meet the needs
of this scenario?
组织定期备份其应用程序数据。
应用程序备份需要在Amazon S3上存储一段时间。
在发生灾难恢复时，应该立即访问备份。
以下哪个Amazon S3存储类是满足这种场景需求的最经济有效的选择?
A. Glacier Storage Class//冰川S3
B. Standard Storage Class//标准
C. Standard ?Infrequent Access (IA)//偶尔访问S3
D. Reduced Redundancy Class (RRS)//单区S3
Answer:

★Question 179
An organization runs an online voting system for a television program. During broadcasts, hundreds of
thousands of votes are submitted within minutes and sent to a front-end fleet of auto- scaled Amazon EC2
instance,. The EC2 instances push the votes to an RDBMS database. The database is unable to keep up with the
front-end connection requests.
What is the MOST efficient and cost-effective way of ensuring that votes are processed in a timely manner?
一个组织为一个电视节目运行一个在线投票系统。
在广播期间，成千上万的投票在几分钟内被提交，并发送到自动伸缩的Amazon EC2实例的前端车队。
EC2实例将投票推送到RDBMS数据库。
数据库无法跟上前端连接请求。
什么是确保选票及时处理的最有效和最具成本效益的方法?
A. Each front-end node should send votes to an Amazon SQS queue. Provision worker instances to read
the SQS queue and process the message information into RDBMS database.
B. As the load on the database increases, horizontally-scale the RDBMS database with additional
memory-optimized instances. When voting has ended, scale down the additional instances.
C. Re-provision the RDBMS database with larger, memory-optimized instances. When voting ends, reprovision
the back-end database with smaller instances.
D. Send votes from each front-end node to Amazon DynamoDB. Provision worker instances to
process the votes in DynamoDB into the RDBMS database.
Answer:SQS应用选项

★Question 180
An application publishes Amazon SNS messages in response to several events. An
AWS Lambda function subscribes to these messages. Occasionally the function will failwhile processing a
message, so the original event message must be preserved for root cause analysis.
What architecture will meet these requirements without changing the workflow?
应用程序发布Amazon SNS消息以响应多个事件。
AWS Lambda函数订阅这些消息。
在处理消息时，函数偶尔会失败，因此必须保留原始事件消息，以便进行根本原因分析。
什么体系结构将在不改变工作流的情况下满足这些需求?
A. Subscribe an Amazon SQS queue to the Amazon SNS topic and trigger the Lambda function from
the queue.
B. Configure Lambda to write failures to an SQS Dead Letter Queue.
C. Configure a Dead Letter Queue for the Amazon SNS topic.//无法为sns配置死信队列
D. Configure the Amazon SNS topic to invoke the Lambda function synchronously.
Answer:关键词：分析根本原因 【preserved for root cause analysis】
死信队列

★Question 181  删除
An application uses an Amazon RDS MySQL cluster for the database layer. Database growth requires periodic
resizing of the instance. Currently, administrators check the available disk space manually once a week.
How can this process be improved?
A. Use the largest instance type for the database.
B. Use AWS CloudTrail to monitor storage capacity.
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor storage capacity.
D. Use Auto Scaling to increase storage size.
Answer:

=============================================================================
发布于: Jun 20, 2019

即日起，Amazon RDS for MariaDB、Amazon RDS for MySQL、Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL、
Amazon RDS for SQL Server 和 Amazon RDS for Oracle 支持 RDS Storage Auto Scaling。
RDS Storage Auto Scaling 会自动扩展存储容量，以响应不断增加的数据库工作负载，而不造成停机。
=============================================================================

★Question 182
A customer owns a MySQL database that is accessed by various clients who expect, at most, 100 ms latency on
requests. Once a record is stored in the database, it rarely changed. Clients only access one record at a time.
Database access has been increasing exponentially due to increased client demand. The resultant load will
soon exceed the capacity of the most expensive hardware available for purchase. The customer wants to
migrate to AWS, and is willing to change database systems.
Which service would alleviate the database load issue and offer virtually unlimited scalability for the future?
一个客户拥有一个MySQL数据库，它被不同的客户端访问，这些客户端在请求时最多期望100毫秒的延迟。
一旦记录存储在数据库中，它就很少更改。
客户机一次只能访问一条记录。
由于客户需求的增加，数据库访问已经呈指数级增长。
由此产生的负载将很快超过可购买的最昂贵硬件的容量。
客户想要迁移到AWS，并且愿意改变数据库系统。
哪种服务可以缓解数据库负载问题，并为未来提供几乎无限的可伸缩性?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Redshift
D. AWS Data Pipeline
Answer:关键词【unlimited scalabilit】无线扩容，DynamoDB

★Question 183
A business team requires a structured storage solution to store all of a company's historical sales data. Currently
there are 4 TB of data, which will grow to hundreds of terabytes within a few years. The team must be able to
regularly run queries against the data using current business intelligence tools. Fast performance is required
despite the dataset growth.
Which solution should the company use?
业务团队需要一个结构化存储解决方案来存储公司的所有历史销售数据。
目前有4tb的数据，在几年内将增长到数百TB。
团队必须能够使用当前的商业智能工具定期对数据进行查询。
尽管数据集增长，仍然需要快速的性能。
公司应该使用哪种解决方案?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon Aurora    不能成几百TB
C. Amazon DynamoDB  不是结构化数据库
D. Amazon S3        速度
Answer:

★Question 184
A prediction process requires access to a trained model that is stored in an Amazon S3 bucket.
The process takes a few seconds to process an image and make a prediction. The process takes a few seconds
to process an image and make a prediction. The process is not overly resource- intensive, does not require any
specialized hardware, and takes less than 512 MB of memory to run.
What would be the MOST effective compute solution for this use case?
预测过程需要访问存储在Amazon S3桶中的经过训练的模型。
这个过程需要几秒钟来处理图像并做出预测。
这个过程需要几秒钟来处理图像并做出预测。
该进程不需要过多的资源，不需要任何专门的硬件，并且运行所需的内存小于512 MB。
对于这个用例，最有效的计算解决方案是什么?
A. Amazon ECS
B. Amazon EC2 Spot instances
C. AWS Lambda functions
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Answer: C Lambda特性

★Question 185
An application that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance must make secure calls to Amazon S3 buckets.
Which steps can a Solutions Architect take to ensure that the calls are made without exposing credentials?
运行在Amazon EC2实例上的应用程序必须对Amazon S3 bucket进行安全调用。
解决方案架构师可以采取哪些步骤来确保调用是在不公开凭证的情况下进行的?
A. Generate an access key ID and a secret key, and assign an IAM role with least privilege.
B. Create an IAM policy granting access to all services and assign it to the Amazon EC2 instance
profile.
C. Create an IAM role granting least privilege and assign it to the Amazon EC2 instance profile.
D. Generate temporary access keys to grant users temporary access to the Amazon EC2 instance.
Answer: 角色

★Question 186
A Solutions Architect needs to design a centralized logging solution for a group of web applications running
on Amazon EC2 instances. The solution requires minimal development effort due to budget constraints.
Which of the following should the Architect recommend?
解决方案架构师需要为一组运行在Amazon EC2实例上的web应用程序设计一个集中式日志记录解决方案。
由于预算限制，该解决方案需要最少的开发工作。
架构师应该推荐下列哪一种?
A. Create a crontab job script in each instance to push the logs regularly to Amazon S3.
B. Install and configure Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent in the Amazon EC2 instances.
C. Enable Amazon CloudWatch Events in the AWS Management Console.
D. Enable AWS CloudTrail to map all API calls invoked by the applications.
Answer: 关键词【Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent】

★Question 187
A company is using Amazon S3 as its local repository for weekly analysis reports. One of the
company-wide requirements is to secure data at rest using encryption. The company chose
Amazon S3 server-side encryption. The company wants to know how the object is decrypted
when a GET request is issued.
Which of the following answers this Question?
一家公司正在使用Amazon S3作为每周分析报告的本地存储库。
公司范围内的要求之一是使用加密保护静态数据。
该公司选择了Amazon S3服务器端加密。
该公司想知道在发出GET请求时对象是如何解密的。
下面哪个选项回答了这个问题?
A. The user needs to place a PUT request to decrypt the object.
B. The user needs to decrypt the object using a private key.
C. Amazon S3 manages encryption and decryption automatically.
D. Amazon S3 provides a server-side key for decrypting the object.
Answer: 
服务器加密//自动


★Question 188
A company is looking for a fully-managed solution to store its players' state information for a rapidly growing
game. The application runs on multiple Amazon EC2 nodes, which can scale according to the incoming traffic.
The request can be routed to any of the nodes, therefore, the state information must be stored in a centralized
database. The players' state information needs to be read with strong consistency and needs conditional
updates for any changes. Which service would be MOST cost-effective, and scale seamlessly?
一家公司正在寻找一种完全管理的解决方案，以便为一款快速发展的游戏存储玩家的状态信息。
应用程序运行在多个Amazon EC2节点上，这些节点可以根据传入的流量进行扩展。
请求可以路由到任何节点，因此，状态信息必须存储在一个集中的数据库中。
玩家的状态信息需要具有很强的一致性，并且任何变化都需要有条件的更新。
哪种服务最具成本效益，并且可以无缝扩展?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon RDS
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: 强一致性读，根据条件更新//Amazon DynamoDB也可以提供这两个

Amazon DynamoDB有全球表
scale seamlessly 无缝扩展


★Question 189
An application is running on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The
instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Four instances are
required to handle a predictable traffic load. The Solutions Architect wants to ensure that the
operation is fault-tolerant up to the loss of one Availability Zone. Which is the MOST cost-efficient
way to meet these requirements?
应用程序运行在应用程序负载均衡器后面的Amazon EC2实例上。
实例在跨多个可用分区的自动伸缩组中运行。
需要四个实例来处理可预测的流量负载。
解决方案架构师希望确保即使丢失一个可用性区域，操作也是容错的。
满足这些要求最经济有效的方法是什么?
A. Deploy two instances in each of three Availability Zones.
B. Deploy two instances in each of two Availability Zones.
C. Deploy four instances in each of two Availability Zones.// MOST cost-efficient不满足这个
D. Deploy one instance in each of three Availability Zones.
Answer: 
4个以上
知识点：Auto Scaling group
ACG



★Question 190
A Solutions Architect is designing a three-tier web application that includes an Auto Scaling group of Amazon
EC2 instances running behind an ELB Classic Load Balancer. The security team requires that all web servers
must be accessible only through the Load Balancer, and that none of the web servers are directly accessible
from the Internet.
How should the Architect meet these requirements?
一位解决方案架构师正在设计一个三层的web应用程序，其中包括一个自动伸缩组的Amazon EC2实例，它们运行在ELB经典负载均衡器后面。
安全团队要求所有web服务器必须只能通过负载均衡器访问，并且不能从Internet直接访问任何web服务器。
架构师应该如何满足这些需求?
A. Use a Load Balancer installed on an Amazon EC2 instance.
B. Configure the web servers' security group to deny traffic from the public Internet. //security group不能deny
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the ELB Classic Load Balancer.
D. Configure the web tier security group to allow only traffic from the ELB Classic Load Balancer.
Answer: 读题

★Question 191
A Solutions Architect is designing a web application that will be hosted on Amazon EC2 instances in a
public subnet. The web application uses a MySQL database in a private subnet.
The database should be accessible to database administrators.
Which of the following options should the Architect recommend? (Choose two.)
一个解决方案架构师正在设计一个web应用程序，它将托管在公共子网中的Amazon EC2实例上。
web应用程序在私有子网中使用MySQL数据库。
数据库管理员应该能够访问数据库。
架构师应该推荐下列哪个选项?
(选择两个。)
A. Create a bastion host in a public subnet, and use the bastion host to connect to the database.
B. Log in to the web servers in the public subnet to connect to the database.
C. Perform DB maintenance after using SSH to connect to the NAT Gateway in a public subnet.//想出去，不让别人进
D. Create an IPSec VPN tunnel between the customer site and the VPC, and use the VPN tunnel to
connect to the database.
E. Attach an Elastic IP address to the database.//所有人都可以访问
Answer: 排除法
NAT Gateway//想出去，不让别人进

★Question 192
A web application running on Amazon EC2 instances writes data synchronously to an Amazon
DynamoDB table configured for 60 write capacity units. During normal operation the application
writes 50 KB/s to the tale, but can scale up to 500 KB/ s during peak hours. The application is
currently throttling errors from the DynamoDB table during peak hours.
What is the MOST cost-efficient change to support the increased traffic with minimal changes to
the application?
运行在Amazon EC2实例上的web应用程序将数据同步写入配置为60个写容量单位的Amazon DynamoDB表。
在正常操作期间，应用程序向tale写入50 KB/s，但在高峰时间可以扩展到500 KB/s。
在高峰时间，应用程序正在对来自DynamoDB表的错误进行节流。
为了支持增加的流量而对应用程序进行最小的更改，最具成本效益的更改是什么?
A. Use Amazon SQS to manage the write operations to the DynamoDB table.
B. Change DynamoDB table configuration to 600 write capacity units.
C. Increase the number of Amazon EC2 instances to support the traffic.
D. Configure Amazon DynamoDB Auto Scaling to handle the extra demand.
Answer: 
DynamoDB白皮书 DynamoDB Auto Scaling 管理表的吞吐量


★Question 193
One company wants to share the contents of their Amazon S3 bucket with another company. Security
requirements mandate that only the other company's AWS accounts have access to the contents of the Amazon
S3 bucket.
一个公司想要分享公司的Amazon S3 bucket存储的内容与另一家。
安全需求只要求其他公司的AWS帐户访问Amazon S3 bucket的内容。
Which Amazon S3 feature will allow secure access to the Amazon S3 bucket?
A. Bucket policy
B. Object tagging
C. CORS configuration
D. Lifecycle policy
Answer: 

★Question 194
A Solutions Architect is designing a service that must have four Amazon EC2 instances running between 8 AM
and 6 PM daily. The service requires one EC2 instance outside of those hours.
解决方案架构师正在设计一个服务,必须有四个Amazon EC2实例运行每天8点和下午6点之间。
在业务外时间这个服务需要一个EC2实例。
What is the MOST cost-effective way to provide enough compute?
A. Use one Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance and use an Auto Scaling group to add and removeEC2
instances based on CPU utilization.
B. Use one Amazon EC2 On-Demand instance and use an Auto Scaling group to add and remove EC2
instances based on CPU utilization.
C. Use one Amazon EC2 On-Demand instance and use an Auto Scaling Group scheduled action to add
three EC2 Spot instances at 7:30 AM and remove three instances at 6:10 PM.
D. Use one Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance and use an Auto Scaling Group scheduled action to add
three EC2 On-Demand instances at 7:30 AM and remove three instances at 6:10 PM.
Answer: 

★Question 195
A company plans to use an Amazon VPC to deploy a web application consisting of an elastic load balancer, a
fleet of web and application servers, and an Amazon RDS MySQL database that should not be accessible
from the Internet. The proposed design must be highly available and distributed over two Availability Zones.
What would be the MOST appropriate VPC design for this specific use case?
公司计划利用一个Amazon VPC部署一个web应用程序，包含一个弹性负载均衡器,一组web服务器和应用服务器,
一个不能从因特网访问Amazon RDS MySQL数据库。提出设计必须高度可用和分布在两个可用性区域。
A. Two public subnets for the elastic load balancer, two public subnets for the web servers, and two
public subnets for Amazon RDS.
B. One public subnet for the elastic load balancer, two private subnets for the web servers, and two private
subnets for Amazon RDS.
C. One public subnet for the elastic load balancer, one public subnet for the web servers, and one
private subnet for the database.
D. Two public subnets for the elastic load balancer, two private subnets for the web servers, and two
private subnets for RDS.
Answer: 

★Question 196
A workload in an Amazon VPC consists of a single web server launched from a custom AMI. Session state
is stored in a database.
一个在亚马逊VPC中的工作负载包含一个从一个AMI启动的web服务器。会话状态存储在数据库中。
◆Keyword：regions/Availability Zones　Route 53/ALB

How should the Solutions Architect modify this workload to be both highly available and scalable?

A. Create a launch configuration with a desired capacity of two web servers across multiple
Availability Zones. Create an Auto Scaling group with the AMI ID of the web server image. Use
Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to balance traffic across the Auto Scaling group.
B. Create a launch configuration with the AMI ID of the web server image. Create an Auto Scaling
group using the newly-created launch configuration, and a desired capacity of two web servers across
multiple regions. Use an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to balance traffic across the Auto Scaling
group.
C. Create a launch configuration with the AMI ID of the web server image. Create an Auto Scaling
group using the newly-created launch configuration, and a desired capacity of two web servers across
multiple Availability Zones. Use an ALB to balance traffic across the Auto Scaling group.
D. Create a launch configuration with the AMI ID of the web server image. Create an Auto Scaling
group using the newly-created launch configuration, and a desired capacity of two web servers across
multiple Availability Zones. Use Amazon Route 53 weighted routing to balance traffic across the Auto
Scaling group.
Answer: 

★Question 197
A Solutions Architect is developing a new web application on AWS. The services must scale to support an
increasing load. The Architect wants to focus on software development and deploying new features rather than
provisioning or managing servers. Which AWS service is appropriate?
解决方案架构师正在开发一个新的web应用程序在AWS上。
服务必须扩展以支持持续增加的负载。
架构师想要专注于软件开发和部署新功能而不是配置或管理服务器。
A. Auto Scaling
B. Elastic Beanstalk
C. EC2 Container Service
D. CloudFormation
Answer: 

★Question 198
A company wants to migrate a three-tier web application to AWS. The company wants to
control the placement of the instances and have visibility into underlying sockets and cores for licensing
purposes.
Which compute model should a Solutions Architect choose to accomplish this task?
A. EC2 Reserved Instances
B. EC2 Spot Instances
C. EC2 Dedicated Hosts
D. EC2 Placement Groups
Answer: 

★Question 199
An application runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. Each running instance of the application
must have access to a shared file system.
Where should the data be stored?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon EFS
D. Amazon EBS
Answer: 

★Question 200
A Solutions Architect is designing a microservice to process records from Amazon Kinesis Streams. The
metadata must be stored in Amazon DynamoDB. The microservice must be capable of concurrently processing
10,000 records daily as they arrive in the Kinesis stream. The MOST scalable way to design the microservice is:
A. As an AWS Lambda function.
B. As a process on an Amazon EC2 instance.
C. As a Docker container running on Amazon ECS.
D. As a Docker container on an EC2 instance.
Answer: 

★Question 201
A university is running an internal web application on AWS that students can access from the
university network to check their exam results. The web application runs on Amazon EC2 instances
and pulls results from an Amazon DynamoDB table. Auto Scaling is currently configured to add a
new web server when CPU is greater than 80% for 5 minutes. DynamoDB is configured to increase
both read and write capacity units by five when utilization is greater than 80%. Exam results are
released at 9:00 a.m. each Monday, and 80% of students, attempt to access their unique result within
the first 30 minutes. Despite Auto Scaling being enabled,
students are complaining of slow response times and errors when they view the site.
There are no performance complaints after 9:30 a.m. on Monday.
大学内部web应用程序运行在AWS,学生可以从大学网络访问检查他们的考试成绩。
web应用程序运行在Amazon EC2实例并把结果从一个亚马逊DynamoDB表。
自动伸缩功能目前重新配置添加web服务器当CPU大于80�0 5分钟。
DynamoDB配置为提高读写能力的单位五当利用率大于80�20考试结果公布在每个周一上午9点,和80�0的学生,试图获得他们独特的结果在前30分钟。
尽管自动伸缩功能被启用,学生抱怨缓慢的响应时间和错误当他们查看网站。
没有性能投诉周一上午9点30分后。
Which recommendation should a Solutions Architect make to improve performance in a cost- effective
manner?
A. Scale out the EC2 instances to ensure that the environment scales up and down based on the
highest load.
B. Implement Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator to improve database performance and remove the
need to scale the read/write units.
C. Use a scheduled job to scale out EC2 before 9:00 a.m. on Monday and to scale down after
9:30a.m.
D. Use Amazon CloudFront to cache web request and reduce the load on EC2 and DynamoDB.
Answer: 

★Question 202
As part of a migration strategy, a Solutions Architect needs to analyze workloads that can be optimized for
performance and cost. The Solutions Architect has identified a
stateless application that serves static content as a potential candidate to move to the cloud. The
Solutions Architect has the flexibility to choose an identity solution between Facebook, Twitter, and
Amazon.
作为迁移策略的一部分,解决方案架构师需要分析观测的工作负载优化性能和成本。
解决方案架构师已经确定了一个无状态应用程序服务静态内容移动到云作为一个潜在的候选人。
仪表师之间的选择身份的解决方案的灵活性Facebook, Twitter, and Amazon。
Which AWS solution offers flexibility and ease of use, and the LEAST operational overhead for this
migration?
A. Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) for managing identities, and migrate the
application to run on Amazon S3, Amazon API Gateway, and AWS Lambda.
B. Use a third-party solution for managing identities, and migrate the application to run on Amazon
S3, EC2 Spot Instances, and Amazon EC2.
C. Use Amazon Cognito for managing identities, and migrate the application to run on Amazon S3,
Amazon API Gateway, and AWS Lambda.
D. Use Amazon Cognito for managing identities, and migrate the application to run on Amazon S3, EC2
Spot Instances, and Amazon EC2.
Answer: 

★Question 203
A company needs to capture all client connection information from its Application Load Balancer
every five minutes. This data will be used to analyze traffic patterns and troubleshoot the application.
How can a Solutions Architect meet this requirement?
A. Enable AWS CloudTrail for the Application Load Balancer.
B. Enable Access Logs on the Application Load Balancer.
C. Install CloudWatch Agent on the Application Load Balancer.
D. Enable CloudWatch metrics on the Application Load Balancer.
Answer: 

★Question 204
An application runs on EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancing Application Load Balancer. The instances
run in an EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The application provides a RESTful interface
with both synchronous and asynchronous operations.
The asynchronous operations require up to 5 minutes to complete. Although the application must remain
available at all times, after business hours, the traffic going to the application is greatly reduced and often
results in the Auto Scaling group running the minimum number of On-Demand Instances.
What should the Solutions Architect recommend to optimize the cost of the environment after business
hours?
EC2实例上运行的应用程序在一个弹性负载平衡应用程序负载均衡器。
运行在一个EC2实例自动伸缩功能组多个可用性区域。
应用程序提供了一个rest式接口同步和异步操作。异步操作需要5分钟才能完成。
虽然应用程序必须保持可用,营业时间后,流量会大大降低应用程序往往
导致运行最小数量的随需应变的自动伸缩功能组实例。
解决方案架构师应该建议优化营业时间后环境的成本吗?
A. Change the Availability Zones in which the instances were created to another Availability Zone in the
same region with a lower cost.
B. Replace all On-Demand Instances with Spot Instances in the Auto Scaling group.
C. Purchase Reserved Instances for the minimum number of Auto Scaling instances.
D. Reduce the number of minimum instances to 0. New requests to the Application Load Balancer
create new instances.
Answer: 

★Question 205
A Solutions Architect is designing a web application for document sharing. The users will upload
documents that are then made available to other users. There will be tens of thousands of
these documents.
What is the MOST cost-effective storage solution?
A. Amazon EFS
B. Amazon S3
D. Amazon Glacier
E. Amazon EBS
Answer: 

★Question 206
A Solutions Architect was tasked with reviewing several templates that build VPCs and ensuring
that they meet specific security requirements. After reviewing the templates, the Architect realizes that all of
the templates are missing important security best practices.
解决方案架构师负责审查几个模板,建立vpc,确保他们满足特定的安全需求。
检查模板之后,架构师意识到所有的模板都错过了重要的安全最佳实践。
What should the Architect do to implement security best practices in an efficient manner?
A. Use VPC peering to enforce network consistency
B. Restrict users from deploying an AWS CloudFormation template
C. Provide the teams a nested AWS CloudFormation template that builds the VPC correctly
D. Create AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies that enforce the corporate VPC
architecture standards
Answer: 

★Question 207
A Solutions Architect has been given the following requirements for a company's VPC:
The solution is a two-tiered application with a web tier and a database tier.
All web traffic to the environment must be directed from the Internet to an Application Load
Balancer.
The web servers and the databases should not obtain public IP addresses or be directly
accessible from the public Internet.
Because of security requirements, databases may not share a route table or subnet with any
other service.
The environment must be highly available within the same VPC for all services.
解决方案架构师已经给以下公司的VPC要求:解决是一个两层应用程序web层和数据库层。
所有网络流量环境必须直接从互联网应用程序负载均衡器。
web服务器和数据库不应该获得公共IP地址或直接从公共网络访问。
因为安全需求,数据库可能不共享一个路由表或子网与任何其他服务。
环境必须在相同的VPC高度可用的所有服务。
What is the minimum number of subnets that the Solutions Architect will need based on these requirements and
best practices?
A. 2
B. 3
C. 4
D. 6
Answer: 

★Question 208
An application currently stores objects in Amazon S3-Standard. The application accesses new objects
frequently for one week. After one week, they are accessed occasionally for analysis batch jobs. A Solutions
Architect has been asked to reduce storage costs for the application while allowing immediate access for
batch jobs.
一个应用程序目前在亚马逊S3-Standard存储对象。
应用程序访问新对象经常一周。一个星期后,他们偶尔会访问,分析批处理作业。
解决方案架构师已经为应用程序要求降低存储成本,同时允许直接访问的批处理作业。
How can costs be reduced without reducing data durability?
A. Create a lifecycle policy that moves Amazon S3 data to Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access
storage after 7 days. After 30 days, move the data to Amazon Glacier.
B. Keep the data on Amazon S3, and create a lifecycle policy to move S3 data to Amazon Glacier after
7 days.
C. Move all Amazon S3 data to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access storage, and create a lifecycle policy to
move the data to Amazon Glacier after 7 days.
D. Keep the data on Amazon S3, then create a lifecycle policy to move the data to S3 Standard
Infrequent Access storage after 7 days.
Answer: 

★Question 209
A company is building a critical ingestion service on AWS that will receive 1,000 incoming events per
second. The events must be processed in order, and no events may be lost. Multiple applications will
need to process each event. The company will expose the service as RESTful calls through an API Gateway.
What should a Solutions Architect use to receive the events based on these requirements?
A. Amazon Kinesis Data Stream
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon SQS
D. Amazon SNS
Answer: 

★Question 210
An AWS Lambda function requires access to an Amazon RDS for SQL Server instance. It is against company
policy to store passwords in Lambda functions.
How can a Solutions Architect enable the Lambda function to retrieve the database password without violating
company policy?
一个AWS Lambda函数需要访问一个Amazon RDS SQL服务器实例。
这是有违公司政策在Lambda函数中存储的密码。
A. Add an IAM policy for IAM database access to the Lambda execution role.
B. Store a one-way hash of the password in the Lambda function.
C. Have the Lambda function use the AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.
D. Connect to the Amazon RDS for SQL Server instance by using a role assigned to the Lambda
function.
Answer: 

★Question 211
A company has two different types of reporting needs on their 200-GB data warehouse: Data
scientists run a small number of concurrent ad hoc SQL queries that can take several minutes
each to run.
Display screens throughout the company run many fast SQL queries to populate dashboards.
一个公司有两个不同类型的报表需求200 gb的数据仓库:
数据科学家少数并发运行特设可以花几分钟每个运行的SQL查询。
显示屏在整个公司运行许多快速的SQL查询填充仪表板。
Which design would meet these requirements with the LEAST cost?

A. Replicate relevant data between Amazon Redshift and Amazon DynamoDB. Data scientists use
Redshift. Dashboards use DynamoDB.
B. Configure auto-replication between Amazon Redshift and Amazon RDS. Data scientists use
Redshift.Dashboards use RDS.
C. Use Amazon Redshift for both requirements, with separate query queues configured in workload
management.
D. Use Amazon Redshift for Data Scientists. Run automated dashboard queries against Redshift and
store the results in Amazon ElastiCache. Dashboards query ElastiCache.
Answer: 

★Question 212
A company has an application that uses Amazon CloudFront for content that is hosted on an Amazon S3 bucket.
After an unexpected refresh, the users are still seeing old content. Which step should the Solutions Architect
take to ensure that new content is displayed?
一个公司有一个应用程序,它使用Amazon CloudFront内容托管在一个Amazon S3 bucket。
一个意想不到的刷新后,用户仍看到旧的内容。
A. Perform a cache refresh on the CloudFront distribution that is serving the content.
B. Perform an invalidation on the CloudFront distribution that is serving the content.
C. Create a new cache behavior path with the updated content.
D. Change the TTL value for removing the old objects.
Answer: 

★Question 213
A company expects its user base to increase five times over one year. Its application is hosted in one
region and uses an Amazon RDS MySQL database, an ELB Application Load Balancer, and Amazon ECS to
host the website and its microservices.
公司预计其用户增加5倍一年。其应用程序驻留在一个地区,
并使用一个Amazon RDS MySQL数据库,一个ELB应用程序负载均衡器,
亚马逊ECS主办网站及其microservices。

Which design changes should a Solutions Architect recommend to support the expected growth?
(Choose two.)
A. Move static files from ECS to Amazon S3
B. Use an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy
C. Scale the environment based on real-time AWS CloudTrail logs
D. Create a dedicated Elastic Load Balancer for each microservice
E. Create RDS read replicas and change the application to use these replicas
Answer: 

★Question 214
A company is rolling out a new web service, but is unsure how many customers the service will attract.
However, the company is unwilling to accept any downtime.
公司正在推出一个新的web服务,但不确定有多少客户服务将吸引。
然而,该公司不愿接受任何停机时间。
What could a Solutions Architect recommend to the company in order to keep track of customers'
current session data?
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon RDS
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: 

★Question 215
A web application is running on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancing Application Load
Balancer (ALB). The EC2 instances should receive no traffic, except for web requests to the application.
Based on these requirements, what security group rules should be put on the Amazon EC2 instances?
web应用程序运行在Amazon EC2实例背后一个弹性负载平衡应用程序负载均衡器(ALB)。
EC2实例不应该接受除了web请求的应用程序其他流量。
基于这些需求,安全组规则应该放在Amazon EC2实例

A. An inbound rule allowing traffic from the security group attached to the
ALB
B. An inbound rule allowing traffic from the network ACLs attached to the ALB
C. An outbound rule allowing traffic to the security group attached to the ALB
D. An outbound rule blocking all traffic to the Internet
Answer: 

★Question 216
A Solutions Architect must migrate a monolithic on-premises application to AWS. It is a web application with
a load balancer, web server, application server, and relational database. The key requirement driving the
migration is that the application should perform better and be more elastic.
解决方案架构师必须整体的把本地应用程序迁移到AWS。
它是一个web应用程序负载均衡器、web服务器、应用程序服务器和关系数据库。
关键需求驱动的迁移应用程序应该表现得更好和更有弹性。
Which of the following architectures would meet these requirements?
A. Re-host the application on Amazon EC2 with lift and shift of existing application code. Configure an
Elastic Load Balancing load balancer to handle incoming requests. Use Amazon CloudWatch alarms to
receive notification of scaling issues. Increase and decrease the size of the Amazon EC2 instances using
AWS CLI or AWS Management Console as required.
B. Re-architect the application as a three-tier application. Move the database to Amazon RDS. Use read
replicas and Amazon ElastiCache with RDS for better performance. Use an Application Load Balancer to
forward incoming requests to web and application servers running on-premises.
C. Re-platform the application as a three-tier application. Use Elastic Load Balancing for incoming
requests. Use EC2 for web and application tiers. Use RDS at the database tier. Use CloudWatch alarms
and Auto Scaling for horizontal scaling at the web tier.
D. Re-architect the application as Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). Run database and application
servers on-premises. Run web-facing EC2 servers. Use an Enterprise Service Bus to handle
communications between different parts of the application running on-premises and in the cloud.
Answer: 

★Question 217
A company has asked the Solutions Architect to modify its AWS-hosted internal application to allow
for load balancing. The customer requests always come from the company domain (example.net). The
company requires that incoming HTTP and HTTPS traffic is routed based on the path element of the
URL in the request.
公司已经要求解决方案架构师修改AWS-hosted内部应用程序,允许负载平衡。
客户请求总是来自于公司域名(example.net)。
该公司要求传入的HTTP和HTTPS通信路由路径元素的基础上的URL请求。
Which implementation can satisfy all requirements?
A. Configure a Network Load Balancer with listeners for appropriate path patterns for the target
groups.
B. Configure an Application Load Balancer with host-based routing based on the domain field in the
HTTP header.
C. Configure a Network Load Balancer and enable cross-zone load balancing to ensure that all EC2
instances are used.
D. Configure an Application Load Balancer with listeners for appropriate path patterns for the target
group.
Answer: 

★Question 218
A Solutions Architect is asked to improve the fault tolerance of an existing Python application. The web
application places 1-MB images is an S3 bucket. The application then uses a single t2.large instance to transform
the image to include a watermark with the company's brand before writing the image back to the S3 bucket.
解决方案架构师要求改善现有Python应用程序的容错。
web应用程序的地方1 mb的图像是一个S3 bucket。然后,应用程序使用一个t2。
大型实例将形象包括水印与公司的品牌之前写回S3 bucket。
What should the Solutions Architect recommend to increase the fault tolerance of the solution?
A. Convert the code to a Lambda function triggered by scheduled Amazon CloudWatch Events.
B. Increase the instance size to m4.xlarge and configure Enhanced Networking.
C. Convert the code to a Lambda function triggered by Amazon S3 events.
D. Create an Amazon SQS queue to send the images to the t2.large instance.
Answer: 

★Question 219
A Solutions Architect has been asked to deliver video content stored on Amazon S3 to specific
users from Amazon CloudFront while restricting access by unauthorized users. How can the
Architect implement a solution to meet these requirements?
解决方案架构师被要求提供视频内容存储在Amazon S3从Amazon CloudFront
而限制特定用户未经授权的用户访问。
架构师如何实现一个解决方案来满足这些需求?
A. Configure CloudFront to use signed-URLs to access Amazon S3.
B. Store the videos as private objects in Amazon S3, and let CloudFront serve the objects by using only
Origin Access Identity (OAI).
C. Use Amazon S3 static website as the origin of CloudFront, and configure CloudFront to deliver the
videos by generating a signed URL for users.
D. Use OAI for CloudFront to access private S3 objects and select the Restrict Viewer Access
option in CloudFront cache behavior to use signed URLs.
Answer: 

★Question 220
A Solutions Architect needs to deploy a node.js-based web application that is highly available and scales
automatically. The Marketing team needs to roll back on application releases quickly,
and they need to have an operational dashboard. The Marketing team does not want to manage
deployment of OS patches to the Linux servers.
解决方案架构师需要部署一个node.js-based web应用程序自动高度可用和尺度。
营销团队需要回滚应用迅速释放,他们需要一个操作仪表板。
营销团队不想管理部署操作系统补丁到Linux服务器
Use of which AWS service will satisfy these requirements?
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon API Gateway
C. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
D. Amazon EC2 Container Service
Answer: 

★Question 221
A company has a website running on Amazon EC2. The application DNS name points to an Elastic
IP address associated with the EC2 instance. In the event of an attack on the website coming from a
specific IP address, the company wants a way to block the offending IP address.
一个公司有一个网站在Amazon EC2上运行。
应用程序的DNS名称指向一个ElasticIP地址与EC2实例相关联。
在网站上发生的袭击事件,来自非特异性的IP地址,该公司希望阻止违法的IP地址的方法。
Which tool or service should a Solutions Architect recommend to block the IP address?
A. Security groups
B. Network ACL
C. AWS WAF
D. AWS Shield
Answer: 

★Question 222
A customer is looking for a storage archival solution for 1,000 TB of data. The customer requires that the
solution be durable and data be available within a few hours of requesting it, but not exceeding a day.
The solution should be as cost-effective as possible. To meet security compliance policies, data must be
encrypted at rest. The customer expects they will need to fetch the data two times in a year.
客户正在寻找一个存储归档解决方案1000 TB的数据。
客户要求和耐用和数据可在几小时的请求,但不超过一天。
解决方案应尽可能节省成本。
为了满足安全合规政策,数据必须加密。
客户预计他们将需要一年两次获取数据。
Which storage solution should a Solutions Architect recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Copy data to Amazon S3 buckets by using server-side encryption. Move data to Amazon
S3 to reduce redundancy storage (RRS).
B. Copy data to encrypted Amazon EBS volumes, then store data into Amazon S3.
C. Copy each object into a separate Amazon Glacier vault, and let Amazon Glacier take care of
encryption.
D. Copy data to Amazon S3 with server-side encryption. Configure lifecycle management
policies to move data to Amazon Glacier after 0 days.
Answer: 

★Question 223
A web application runs on 10 EC2 instances launched from a single customer Amazon Machine Image
(AMI). The EC2 instances are behind an Internet Application Load Balancer. Amazon Route 53 provides
DNS for the application.
10个EC2实例上运行一个web应用程序从一个客户Amazon Machine Image (AMI)。
背后的EC2实例是一个互联网应用程序负载均衡器。
亚马逊路线53 providesDNS为应用程序。
How should a Solutions Architect automate recovery when a web server instance stops replying to
request?
A. Launch the instances in an Auto Scaling group with an Elastic Load Balancing health check.
B. Launch instances in multiple Availability Zones and set the load balancer to Multi-AZ.
C. Add CloudWatch alarm actions for each instance to restart if the Status Check (Any) fails.
D. Add Route 53 records for each instance with an instance health check.
Answer: 

★Question 224
A company has a Node.js application running on Amazon EC2 that currently retrieves data for
customers from a DynamoDB table. The company is seeing many repeat queries for the same
items, and the number of queries is continuing to increase as the application gains popularity.
What solution will reduce the number of read capacity units (RCUs) required while minimizing the
amount of refactoring that must be done to the application?
一个公司有一个Node.js应用程序运行在Amazon EC2,目前为顾客从DynamoDB表中检索数据。
公司看到许多重复查询相同的物品,和查询的数量继续增加应用程序获得了声望。
阅读能力的解决方案将减少单位(RCUs)需要同时最小化必须完成应用程序的重构额?
A. Use Amazon ElastiCache to provide a caching layer
B. Use a Lambda function to make concurrent requests for caching
C. Use Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to provide a caching layer
D. Obtain Reserved Capacity for Amazon DynamoDB to manage the increased number of queries
Answer: 

★Question 225
A company has an application that accesses a MySQL database installed on a single EC2 instance. The
instance recently experienced a fault and brought down the entire application for several hours. The
company wants to address the issue but is concerned about spending too much time modifying
application code or managing the legacy application.
一个公司有一个应用程序访问MySQL数据库安装在一个EC2实例。
The instance最近经历了一个故障,造成整个应用程序几个小时。
公司想解决这个问题,但担心花太多时间修改应用程序代码或管理遗留应用程序。
What should the Solutions Architect recommend to remove this single point of failure with the
FEWEST changes to the application code and the LEAST amount of administrative effort?
A. Implement a caching layer by using Amazon ElastiCache to store query results of frequently
accessed information.
B. Deploy a second EC2 instance with MySQL installed, and configure replication between this
instance and the existing MySQL instance.
C. Migrate the database to an RDS MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance, and point the application servers to
the new RDS instance.
D. Create a DynamoDB table to use as a cache layer, and update the application to query data
from Amazon DynamoDB before querying MySQL.
Answer: 

★Question 226
A team is launching a marketing campaign and the peak database read activity in Amazon
Aurora for MySQL is expected to increase. A Solutions Architect decides to add two Read Replicas to the
cluster.
团队开展营销活动,峰值在Amazon Aurora MySQL数据库读活动预计将增加。
解决方案架构师决定两个读副本添加到集群中。
How should the Solutions Architect ensure that the connections for read activities are loadbalanced?
A. Reader endpoint for Amazon Aurora
B. Cluster endpoint for Amazon Aurora
C. Primary DB instance endpoint for Amazon Aurora
D. Replica DB instances endpoint for Aurora
Answer: 

★Question 227
A company plans to migrate a website to AWS to use a serverless architecture. The website
contains both static and dynamic content and is accessed by users across the world. The
website should maintain sessions for returning users to improve the user experience.
公司计划一个网站迁移到AWS使用serverless架构。
该网站包含静态内容和动态内容和世界各地的用户访问。
网站应保持会话返回用户改善用户体验。
Which service should a Solutions Architect use for a cost-efficient solution with the LOWEST
latency?
A. Amazon S3, AWS Lambda, Amazon API Gateway, and Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon CloudFront, AWS Lambda, API Gateway, and Amazon RDS
C. Amazon CloudFront, Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon EC2, and Amazon RDS
D. Amazon S3, Amazon CloudFront, AWS Lambda, Amazon API Gateway, and Amazon DynamoDB.
Answer: 

★Question 228
A Solutions Architect is helping a customer migrate an application to AWS. The application is composed of a
fleet of Linux servers that currently use a shared file system to read and write data. One of the goals of moving
this application to AWS is to increase the reliability of the storage tier.
解决方案架构师帮助客户应用程序迁移到AWS。
Linux服务器的应用程序由一个舰队,目前使用一个共享文件系统来读取和写入数据。
这个应用程序转移到AWS的目标之一是提高储层的可靠性。
What solution would increase reliability while minimizing the operational overhead of managing
this infrastructure?
A. Create an EBS volume and mount it to all the servers.
B. Create an EFS file system and mount it to all the servers.
C. Create an S3 bucket that can be accessed through an S3 VPC Endpoint.
D. Create two EC2 instances in separate Availability Zones that act as file servers.
Answer: 

★Question 229
A Solution Architect is designing a two-tier application for maximum security, with a web tier running on EC2
instances and the data stored in an RDS DB instance. The web tier should accept user access only through
HTTPS connections (port 443) from the Internet, and the data must be encrypted in transit to and from the
database.
解决方案架构师是设计一个两级申请最大的安全,EC2instances上运行的web层和数据存储在一个RDS数据库实例。
web层应该接受用户访问只能通过HTTPS连接(端口443)从互联网上,和在运输过程中必须被加密的数据从数据库中。
What combination of steps will MOST securely meet the stated requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Create a security group for the web tier instances that allows inbound traffic only over port 443.
B. Enforce Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) on the RDS database.
C. Create a network ACL that allows inbound traffic only over port 443.
D. Configure the web servers to communicate with RDS by using SSL, and issue certificates to the web
tier EC2 instances.
E. Create a customer master key in AWS KMS and apply it to encrypt the RDS instance.
Answer: 

★Question 230
A credit card processing application, hosted on an on-premises server, needs to communicate
directly with a database hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance running in a private subnet of a VPC.
Compliance requirements state that end-to-end communication should be encrypted. Which
solution will ensure that this requirement is met?
信用卡处理应用程序中,托管在一个本地服务器,需要直接沟通与数据库驻留在一个Amazon EC2实例运行在一个私人VPC的子网。
法规遵循需求时,应该进行端到端通信加密。
A. Use HTTPS for traffic over VPC peering between the VPC and the on-premises datacenter.
B. Use HTTPS for traffic over the Internet between the on-premises server and the Amazon EC2 instance.
C. Use HTTPS for traffic over a VPN connection between the VPC and the on-premises datacenter.
D. Use HTTPS for traffic over gateway VPC endpoints that have been configured for the Amazon EC2
instance.
Answer: 

★Question 231
A company has asked a Solutions Architect to ensure that data is protected during data transfer to and
from Amazon S3.
公司已经要求保护解决方案架构师,以确保数据在数据传输期间,Amazon S3。
Use of which service will protect the data in transit?
A. AWS KMS
B. HTTPS
C. SFTP
D. FTPS
Answer: 

★Question 232
A Solutions Architect is trying to bring a data warehouse workload to an Amazon EC2 instance.
The data will reside in Amazon EBS volumes and full table scans will be executed frequently. What type of
Amazon EBS volume would be most suitable in this scenario?
解决方案架构师试图把数据仓库工作负载是一个Amazon EC2实例。
居住在亚马逊的数据将EBS卷和经常将执行全表扫描。
A. Throughput Optimized HDD (st1)
B. Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1)
C. General Purpose SSD (gp2)
D. Cold HDD (sc1)
Answer: 

★Question 233
A Solutions Architect has a three-tier web application that serves customers worldwide. Analysis reveals
that product images take more time to load than expected.
解决方案架构师有一个三层的web应用程序,服务全球客户。
分析表明,产品图片需要更多时间比预期的负载
Which action will improve the image load time?
A. Store product images on Amazon EBS-optimized storage volumes
B. Store product images in an Amazon S3 bucket
C. Use an Amazon CloudFront distribution for product images
D. Use an Auto Scaling group to add instances for product images
Answer: 

★Question 234
A gaming application is heavily dependent on caching and uses Amazon ElastiCache for Redis.
The application performance was recently degraded due to failure of the cache node. What should a
Solutions Architect recommend to minimize performance degradation in the future?
游戏应用程序严重依赖于缓存和使用亚马逊ElastiCache复述。
最近的应用程序的性能退化由于缓存节点的失败。
A. Migrate from ElastiCache to Amazon RDS
B. Configure automatic backup to save cache data
C. Configure ElastiCache Multi-AZ with automatic failover
D. Use Auto Scaling to provision cache nodes based on CPU usage
Answer: 

★Question 235
A client has set up an Auto Scaling group associated with a load balancer. The client has noticed that instances
launched by the Auto Scaling group are reported unhealthy as the result of an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) health
check, but these unhealthy instances are not being terminated.
客户已经建立了一个自动伸缩功能组与负载均衡器。
客户端已经注意到自动伸缩功能集团启动的实例报道不健康作为一个弹性负载平衡的结果(ELB)健康检查,但这些不健康的实例没有被终止。
What can a Solutions Architect do to ensure that the instances marked unhealthy will be terminated and
replaced?
A. Increase the value for the health check interval set on the ELB load balancer.
B. Change the thresholds set on the Auto Scaling group health check.
C. Change the health check type to ELB for the Auto Scaling group.
D. Change the health check set on the ELB load balancer to use TCP rather than HTTP checks.
Answer: 

★Question 236
A Solutions Architect must review an application deployed on EC2 instances that currently stores
multiple 5-GB files on attached instance store volumes. The company recently experienced a
significant data loss after stopping and starting their instances and wants to prevent the data loss
from happening again. The solution should minimize performance impact and the number of code
changes required.
解决方案架构师必须评估一个应用程序部署到EC2实例,当前存储多个5 gb文件附加实例存储卷。
公司最近有经验的应聘者数据丢失后停止和启动实例,要防止数据丢失再次发生。
解决方案应该最小化的性能影响和所需的代码更改数量。
What should the Solutions Architect recommend?
A. Store the application data in Amazon S3
B. Store the application data in an EBS volume
C. Store the application data in Amazon ElastiCache
D. Store the application data in Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: 

★Question 237
An organization is deploying Amazon ElastiCache for Redis and requires password protection
to improve their data security posture.
组织部署亚马逊ElastiCache复述,并要求密码维护改善他们的数据安全的姿势。
Which solution should a Solutions Architect recommend?
A. Redis Auth
B. AWS Single Sign-On
C. IAM database authentication
D. VPC security group for Redis
Answer: 

★Question 238
A Solutions Architect is designing a solution to send Amazon CloudWatch Alarm notifications to
a group of users on a smart phone mobile application.
解决方案架构师设计解决亚马逊监测报警通知发送给一组用户在智能手机上的移动应用程序。
What are the key steps to this solution? (Choose two.)
A. Configure the CloudWatch Alarm to send the notification to an Amazon SNS topic whenever there is
an alarm.
B. Configure the CloudWatch Alarm to send the notification to a mobile phone number whenever
there is an alarm.
C. Configure the CloudWatch Alarm to send the notification to the email addresses whenever there is
an alarm.
D. Create the platform endpoints for mobile devices and subscribe the SNS topic with platform
endpoints.
E. Subscribe the SNS topic with an Amazon SQS queue, and poll the messages continuously from
the queue. Use each mobile platform's libraries to send the message to the mobile application.
Answer: 

★Question 239
A company uses Amazon S3 for storing a variety of files. A Solutions Architect needs to design a feature
that will allow users to instantly restore any deleted files within 30 days of deletion. Which is the MOST
cost-efficient solution?
一个公司使用Amazon S3存储各种文件。
解决方案架构师需要设计一种功能,允许用户在30天内立即恢复任何删除文件的删除。
A. Create lifecycle policies that move the objects to Amazon Glacier and delete them after 30 days.
B. Enable cross-region replication. Empty the replica bucket every 30 days using an AWS Lambda
function.
C. Enable versioning and create a lifecycle policy to remove expired versions after 30 days.
D. Enable versioning and MFA Delete. Using a Lambda function, remove MFA delete from objects more
than 30 days old
Answer: 

★Question 240
An application running on Amazon EC2 has been experiencing performance issues when accessing an
Amazon RDS for Oracle database. The database has been provisioned correctly for average workloads, but
there are several usage spikes each day that have saturated the database, causing the application to time out.
The application is write-heavy, updating information more often than reading information. A Solutions
Architect has been asked to review the application design.
在Amazon EC2上运行的应用程序已经出现性能问题当访问anAmazon RDS Oracle数据库。
数据库已经提供正确的平均工作负载,可是还有一些每天使用峰值饱和数据库,导致应用程序超时。
应用程序write-heavy、更新信息通常阅读信息。
解决方案架构师被要求检查应用程序设计。
What should the Solutions Architect recommend to improve performance?
A. Put an Amazon ElastiCache cluster in front of the database and use lazy loading to limit database
access during peak periods.
B. Put an Amazon Elasticsearch domain in front of the database and use a Write-Through cache to
reduce database access during peak periods.
C. Configure an Amazon RDS Auto Scaling group to automatically scale the RDS instance during load
spikes.
D. Change the Amazon RDS instance storage type from General Purpose SSD to provisioned IOPS
SSD.
Answer: 

★Question 241
During performance testing of an application, the Amazon RDS database caused a performance
bottleneck.
What steps can be taken to improve the database performance? (Choose two.)
在测试应用程序的性能时,Amazon RDS数据库造成★性能★瓶颈。
可以采取哪些措施来提高数据库性能?
A. Change the RDS database instance to multiple Availability Zones.
B. Scale up to a larger RDS instance type.
C. Redirect read queries to RDS read replicas.
D. Scale out using an Auto Scaling group for RDS.
E. Use RDS in a separate AWS Region.
Answer: 

★Question 242
A Solutions Architect must design an Amazon DynamoDB table to store data about customer activities. The data
is used to analyze recent customer behavior, so data that is less than a week old is heavily accessed and older
data is accessed infrequently. Data that is more than one month old never needs to be referenced by the
application, but needs to be archived for year-end analytics.
解决方案架构师必须设计一个Amazon DynamoDB表来存储数据对客户活动。
数据被用于分析客户行为,所以不到一周的数据被频繁访问，但是旧数据很少被访问。
超过一个月的数据不再被应用,但需要存档用来年终分析。
What is the MOST cost-efficient way to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Use DynamoDB time-to-live settings to expire items after a certain time period.
B. Provision a higher write capacity unit to minimize the number of partitions.
C. Create separate tables for each week's data with higher throughput for the current week.
D. Pre-process data to consolidate multiple records to minimize write operations.
E. Export the old table data from DynamoDB to Amazon S3 using AWS Data Pipeline, and delete the old table.
Answer: 

★Question 243
A Solutions Architect is concerned that the current security group rules for a database tier are too
permissive and may permit requests that should be restricted. 
解决方案架构师而言,当前数据库层的安全组规则太宽容,被允许的请求应该被限制。
Below are the current security group permissions for the database tier:
Protocol: TCP
Port Range: 1433 (MS SQL) 
Source: ALL Currently, the only identified resource that needs to connect to the
databases is the application tier consisting of an Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances.
目前,唯一标识的需要连接到数据库的资源是由一个自动伸缩功能的EC2实例群组构成的应用程序层。

What changes can be made to this security group that would offer the users LEAST privilege?
A. Change the source to -1 to remove source IP addresses previously unseen.
B. Change the source to the VPC CIDR block.
C. Change the source to the application instances IDs.
D. Change the source to the security group ID attached to the application instances.
Answer: 

★Question 244
A large media site has multiple applications in Amazon ECS. A Solutions Architect needs to use
content metadata and route traffic to specific services.
一个大媒体网站有多个应用程序部署在亚马逊ECS。
解决方案架构师需要使用元数据和流量路由到特定的服务内容。
What is the MOST efficient method to perform this task?
A. Use an AWS Classic Load Balancer with a host-based routing option to route traffic to the correct
service.
B. Use the AWS CLI to update Amazon Route 53 hosted zone to route traffic as services get
updated.
C. Use an AWS Application Load Balancer with host-based routing option to route traffic to the
correct service.
D. Use Amazon CloudFront to manage and route traffic to the correct service.
Answer: 

★Question 245
A Solutions Architect must build a secure document storage platform that allows clients to
access data stored on Amazon S3. Documents must be readily available for the first 15 days.
After that, documents need not be readily available, and storage costs should be reduced as much as
possible.
解决方案架构师必须建立一个安全的文档存储平台,让客户能访问存储在Amazon S3数据。
文件在最初的15天是可读的。之后,文档不需要可读,存储成本应该尽量减少。
Which of the following approaches will satisfy these requirements?
A. Create a lifecycle rule to transition the documents from the STANDARD storage class to the
STANDARD_IA storage class after 15 days, and then to the GLACIER storage class after an
additional 15 days.
B. Create a lifecycle rule to transition the documents from the STANDARD storage class to the
GLACIER storage class after 30 days.
C. Create a lifecycle rule to transition documents from the STANDARD storage class to the
STANDARD_IA storage class after 30 days and then to the GLACIER storage class after an
additional 30 days.
D. Create a lifecycle rule to transition the documents from the STANDARD storage class to the
GLACIER storage class after 15 days.
Answer: 

★Question 246
A Solutions Architect needs to configure scaling policies based on Amazon CloudWatch metrics for an
Auto Scaling group. The application running on the instances is memory intensive. How can the Architect
meet this requirement?
解决方案架构师需要基于亚马逊监测指标未自动伸缩功能组配置扩展策略。
正在运行的应用程序所在的实例是内存密集型。
※内存指标默认是无法被监测的。
A. Enable detailed monitoring on the Amazon EC2 instances.
B. Publish custom metrics to CloudWatch from the application.
C. Configuration lifecycle policies for the Amazon EC2 instances.
D. Set up high-resolution alarms for the Auto Scaling group
Answer: 

★Question 247
A customer has a service based out of Oregon, U.S. and Paris, France. The application is storing data in an S3
bucket located in Oregon, and that data is updated frequently. The Paris office is experiencing slow response
times when retrieving objects.
客户提供一个服务的俄勒冈州,美国和法国巴黎。
应用程序将数据存储在S3 bucket位于俄勒冈州,数据※更新频繁※。  -->所以不是CloudFront
巴黎办公室正在经历缓慢的响应时间当检索对象。
What should a Solutions Architect do to resolve the slow response times for the Paris office?
A. Set up an S3 bucket based in Paris, and enable cross-region replication from the Oregon bucket to
the Paris bucket.
B. Create an Application Load Balancer that load balances data retrieval between the Oregon S3
bucket and a new Paris S3 bucket.
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the bucket located in Oregon as the origin and set the
Maximum Time to Live (TTL) for cache behavior to 0.
D. Set up an S3 bucket based in Paris, and enable a lifecycle management rule to transition data from
the Oregon bucket to the Paris bucket.
Answer: 

★Question 248
A company uses AWS Elastic Beanstalk to deploy a web application running on c4.large instances.
Users are reporting high latency and failed requests. Further investigation reveals that the EC2
instances are running at or near 100% CPU utilization.
一个公司使用AWS Elastic Beanstalk部署一个web应用程序运行在c4.large实例。
用户报告高延迟和失败的请求。进一步的调查显示,EC2 instances达到或接近100%的cpu利用率。
What should a Solutions Architect do to address the performance issues?
A. Use time-based scaling to scale the number of instances based on periods of high load.
B. Modify the scaling triggers in Elastic Beanstalk to use the CPU Utilization metric.
C. Swap the c4.large instances with the m4.large instance type.
D. Create an additional Auto Scaling group, and configure Amazon EBS to use both Auto Scaling groups to
increase the scaling capacity.
Answer: 

★Question 249
A Solutions Architect is working on a PCI-compliant architecture that needs to call an external service
provider's API. The external provider requires IP whitelisting to verify the calling party.
How should the Solutions Architect provide the external party with the IP addresses for whitelisting?
解决方案架构师正在通过PCI-compliant架构,需要调用外部服务提供者的API。
外部提供者需要IP白名单来验证调用方。应该如何解决方案架构师提供外部IP地址白名单
A. Use an API Gateway in proxy mode, and provide the API Gateway's IP address to the external
service provider.
B. Associate a public elastic network interface to a published stage/endpoint in API Gateway,
exposing the AWS Lambda function, and provide the IP address for the public network interface to
the external party to whitelist.
C. Deploy the Lambda function in private subnets and route outbound traffic through a NAT
gateway.
Provide the NAT gateway's Elastic IP address to the external service provider.
D. Provide the external party the allocated AWS IP address range for Lambda functions, and send
change notifications by using a subscription to the AmazonIpSpaceChanged SNS topic.
Answer: 

★Question 250
A Solutions Architect is designing a shared file system for a company. Multiple users will be accessing it at any
given time. Different teams will have their own directories, and the company wants to secure files so that users
can access only files owned by their team. How should the Solutions Architect design this?
解决方案架构师正在设计一个公司共享文件系统。
多个用户将访问在任何给定的时间。不同的团队会有自己的目录,公司想要安全的文件,这样用户只能访问文件属于他们的球队。
A. Use Amazon EFS and control permissions by using file-level permissions.
B. Use Amazon S3 and control permissions by using ACLs.
C. Use Amazon EFS and control permissions by using security groups.
D. Use AWS Storage Gateway and control permissions by using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Answer: 

★Question 251
A company requires operating system permission on a relational database server.
What should a Solutions Architect suggest as a configuration for a highly available database
architecture?
A. Multiple EC2 instances in a database replication configuration that uses two Availability Zones.
B. A stand alone Amazon EC2 instance with a selected database installed.
C. Amazon RDS in a Multi-AZ configuration with Provisioned IOPS.
D. Multiple EC2 instances in a replication configuration that uses two placement groups.
Answer: 

★Question 252
An application has a web tier that runs on EC2 instances in a public subnet. The application tier instances
run in private subnets across two Availability Zones. All traffic is IPv4 only, and each subnet has its own
custom route table.
A new feature requires that application tier instances can call an external service over the Internet; however,
they must still not be accessible to Internet traffic.
一个应用程序的web层在公共子网EC2实例上运行。应用程序层实例运行在私人子网在两个可用性区域。
所有流量只是IPv4,和每个子网都有自己的自定义路由表。
一个新特性要求应用程序层实例可以调用外部服务在互联网上;然而,他们仍然不必须是可访问的网络流量。
◆key words:NAT Public
What should be done to allow the application servers to connect to the Internet, maintainhigh availability, and
minimize administrative overhead?
A. Add an Amazon egress-only internet gateway to each private subnet. Alter each private subnet's
route table to include a route from 0.0.0.0/0 to the egress-only internal gateway in the same Availability
Zone.
B. Add an Amazon NAT Gateway to each public subnet. Alter each private subnet's route table to
include a route from 0.0.0.0/0 to the NAT Gateway in the same Availability Zone.
C. Add an Amazon NAT instance to one of the public subnets Alter each private subnet's route table to
include a route from 0.0.0.0/0 to the Internet gateway in the VPC.
D. Add an Amazon NAT Gateway to each private subnet. Alter each private subnet's route table to
include a route from 0.0.0.0/0 to the NAT Gateway in the other Availability Zone.
Answer: 

★Question 253
An application uses an Amazon SQS queue as a transport mechanism to deliver data to a group of EC2
instances for processing. The application owner wants to add a mechanism to archive the incoming data
without modifying application code on the EC2 instances.
应用程序使用一个Amazon SQS队列作为传输机制给一群EC2实例传输数据进行处理。
应用程序所有者想要添加一个机制来归档传入的数据而无需修改应用程序代码在EC2实例。
How can this application be re-architected to archive the data without modifying the processing
instances?
A. Trigger a Lambda function by using Amazon CloudWatch Events to retrieve messages from the SQS
queue and archive to Amazon S3.
B. Use an Amazon SNS topic to fan out the data to the SQS queue in addition to a Lambda function that
records the data to an S3 bucket.
C. Set up an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream so that multiple instances can receive data. Add a
separate EC2 instance that is configured to archive all data it receives.
D. Write the data to an S3 bucket, and use an SQS queue for S3 event notifications to tell the
instances where to retrieve the data.
Answer: 

★Question 254
A Solutions Architect must select the most cost-efficient architecture for a service that responds to web
requests. These web requests are small and query a DynamoDB table. The request rate ranges from
zero to several hundred each second, without any predictable patterns. What is the MOST cost-efficient
architecture for this service?
一个解决方案架构师必须选择最便宜的服务响应web请求。
这些web请求小DynamoDB表和查询。请求速率范围从零到几百每秒钟,没有任何可预测的模式。
A. Network Load Balancer/Amazon EC2
B. Application Load Balancer/Amazon ECS
C. API Gateway/AWS Lambda
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk/AWS Lambda
Answer: 

★Question 255
A company has a web application running in a Docker container that connects to a MySQL server in an onpremises
data center. The deployment and maintenance of this application are becoming time-consuming
and slowing down new feature releases. The company wants to migrate the application to AWS and use
services that helps facilitate infrastructure management and deployment.
一个公司有一个web应用程序运行在一个Docker容器连接到一个MySQL服务器在一个前提数据中心。
此应用程序的部署和维护变得耗时而减慢新功能发布。
该公司希望将应用程序迁移到AWS和使用服务,帮助促进基础设施管理和部署。
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/2461-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-topic-1/
Which architectures should the company consider on AWS? (Choose two.)
A. Amazon ECS for the web application, and an Amazon RDS for MySQL for the database.
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk Docker Multi-container either for the web application or database.
C. AWS Elastic Beanstalk Docker Single Container for the web application, and an Amazon RDS for
MySQL for the database.
D. AWS CloudFormation with Lambda Custom Resources without VPC for the web application, and an
Amazon RDS for MySQL database.
E. AWS CloudFormation with Lambda Custom Resources running in a VPC for the web application, and
an Amazon RDS for MySQL database.
Answer: 

★Question 256
A Solutions Architect has designed a VPC that meets all necessary security requirements for their
organization. Any applications deployed in the organization must use this VPC design.
解决方案架构师设计了一个满足所有必要的VPC安全需求的组织。
任何应用程序部署在该组织必须使用VPC设计。
How can project teams deploy, manage, and delete VPCs that meet this design with the
LEASTadministrative effort?
A. Deploy an AWS CloudFormation template that defines components of the VPC.
B. Run a script that uses the AWS Command Line Interface to deploy the VPC.
C. Clone the existing authorized VPC for each new project.
D. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to deploy both the VPC and the application.
Answer: 

★Question 257
What conditions could cause a Multi-AZ Amazon RDS failover to occur? (Choose two.)
什么条件下可能导致Multi-AZ Amazon RDS故障转移发生
A. The RDS instance is stopped manually
B. A replica of the RDS instance is created in a different region
C. An Availability Zone becomes unavailable
D. Another master user is created
E. A failure of the primary database instance
Answer: 

★Question 259
A company is launching an application that it expects to be very popular. The company needs a
database that can scale with the rest of the application. The schema will change frequently. The
application cannot afford any downtime for database changes.
公司推出一个应用程序,该应用程序将是非常受欢迎的。该公司需要一个数据库,可以扩展应用程序的其余部分。
The schema 经常会改变。不允许停机的应用数据库更改。
Which AWS service allows the company to achieve these objectives?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon RDS MySQL
D. Amazon Aurora
Answer: 

★Question 260
You receive a Spot Instance at a bid of $0.05/hr. After 30 minutes, the Spot Price increases to
$0.06/hr and your Spot Instance is terminated by AWS.
What was the total EC2 compute cost of running your Spot Instance?
A. $0.00
B. $0.02
C. $0.03
D. $0.05
E. $0.06
Answer: 

★Question 261
You have been tasked with creating a VPC network topology for your company. The VPC network
must support both Internet-facing applications and internally-facing applications accessed only over VPN.
Both Internet-facing and internally-facing applications must be able to leverage at least three AZs for high
availability. At a minimum, how many subnets must you create within your VPC to accommodate these
requirements?
A. 2
B. 3
C. 4
D. 6
Answer: 

★Question 262
What combination of the following options will protect S3 objects from both accidental deletion and
accidental overwriting? Choose 2 answers
以下选项的组合将保护S3对象从意外删除和意外覆盖?
A. Enable S3 versioning on the bucket.
B. Access S3 data using only signed URLs.
C. Disable S3 delete using an IAM bucket policy.
D. Enable S3 Reduced Redundancy Storage.
E. Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) protected access.
Answer: 

启用多重验证 (MFA) 删除
MFA 删除可以帮助阻止意外删除存储桶。如果未启用 MFA 删除，任何具有充分特权根目录的密码的用
户或 IAM 用户都可以永久删除 Amazon S3 对象。

★Question 263
In reviewing the Auto Scaling events for your application you notice that your application is
scaling up and down multiple times in the same hour.
在评审应用程序的自动伸缩功能事件你注意到您的应用程序扩展上下多次在同一小时。
What design choice could you make to optimize for cost while preserving elasticity? Choose 2 answers
A. Modify the Auto Scaling policy to use scheduled scaling actions
B. Modify the Auto Scaling group termination policy to terminate the oldest instance first.
C. Modify the Auto Scaling group cool-down timers.
D. Modify the Amazon CloudWatch alarm period that triggers your Auto Scaling scale down policy.
E. Modify the Auto Scaling group termination policy to terminate the newest instance first.
Answer: 

★Question 264
A VPC public subnet is one that:
A. Has at least one route in its associated routing table that uses an Internet Gateway (IGW).
B. Includes a route in its associated routing table via a Network Address Translation (NAT) instance.
C. Has a Network Access Control List (NACL) permitting outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
D. Has the Public Subnet option selected in its configuration.
Answer: 

★Question 264
A startup company hired you to help them build a mobile application, that will ultimately store
billions of images and videos in S3. The company is lean on funding, and wants to minimize
operational costs, however, they have an aggressive marketing plan, and expect to double their
current installation base every six months. Due to the nature of their business, they are expecting
sudden and large increases in traffic to and from S3, and need to ensure that it can handle the
performance needs of their application.
创业公司聘请你来帮助他们建立一个移动应用程序,这将最终在S3中存储数十亿的图片和视频。
公司依靠资金,并希望减少运营成本,然而,他们有一个积极的营销计划,并期望他们当前的安装基地每六个月翻倍。
由于其业务的性质,他们预期突然大量增加流量和S3,和需要确保它可以处理他们的应用程序的性能需求。
What other information must you gather from this customer in order to determine whether S3 is
the right option?
A. You must know how many customers the company has today, because this is critical inunderstanding what
their customer base will be in two years.
B. You must find out the total number of requests per second at peak usage.
C. You must know the size of the individual objects being written to S3, in order to properly
design the key namespace.
D. In order to build the key namespace correctly, you must understand the total amount of
storage needs for each S3 bucket.
Answer: 

★Question 265
In Amazon EC2 Container Service, are other container types supported?
A. Yes, EC2 Container Service supports any container service you need.
B. Yes, EC2 Container Service also supports Microsoft container service.
C. No, Docker is the only container platform supported by EC2 Container Service presently.
D. Yes, EC2 Container Service supports Microsoft container service and Openstack.
Answer: 
Amazon ECS 正式发布对 Windows Server 2019 容器的支持
发布于: Jun 5, 2019

Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) 现在支持运行 Windows Server 2019 容器。Amazon ECS 提供 ECS 优化的 Windows Server Amazon 系统映像 (AMI)，它基于 EC2 Windows Server 2019 AMI，包括 Docker 18.09 和 ECS 代理 1.27。

★Question 266
How can software determine the public and private IP addresses of the EC2 instance that it is running on?
A. Query the local instance metadata.
B. Query the local instance userdata.
C. Query the appropriate Amazon CloudWatch metric.
D. Use an ipconfig or ifconfig command.
Answer: 

★Question 267
What action is required to establish a VPC VPN connection between an on-premises data center and an
Amazon VPC virtual private gateway?
A. Modify the main route table to allow traffic to a network address translation instance.
B. Use a dedicated network address translation instance in the public subnet.
C. Assign a static Internet-routable IP address to an Amazon VPC customer gateway.
D. Establish a dedicated networking connection using AWS Direct Connect.
Answer: 

★Question 268
You have an application running in us-west-2 that requires six EC2 instances running at all times. With
three AZs available in that region (us-west-2a, us-west-2b, and us-west-2c), which of the following
deployments provides 100 percent fault tolerance if any single AZ in us-west-2 becomes unavailable?
你有一个应用程序运行在us-west-2需要六个EC2实例始终运行。
其中AZ在该地区(us-west-2a、us-west-2b us-west-2c),容错following deployments提供100%
即使任何单一AZ us-west-2变得不可用?
Choose 2 answers
A. Us-west-2a with two EC2 instances, us-west-2b with two EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with two EC2
instances
B. Us-west-2a with three EC2 instances, us-west-2b with three EC2 instances, and us-west- 2c with no
EC2 instances
C. Us-west-2a with four EC2 instances, us-west-2b with two EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with two EC2
instances
D. Us-west-2a with six EC2 instances, us-west-2b with six EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with no EC2
instances
E. Us-west-2a with three EC2 instances, us-west-2b with three EC2 instances, and us-west- 2c with three
EC2 instances
Answer: 

★Question 269
After creating a new AWS account, you use the API to request 40 on-demand EC2 instances in a
single AZ. After 20 successful requests, subsequent requests failed. What could be a reason for this
issue, and how would you resolve it?
创建一个新的AWS帐户后,您使用API请求40按需在单一AZ EC2实例。20请求成功后,后续请求失败。
A. You encountered a soft limit of 20 instances per region. Submit the limit increase form and retry the
failed requests once approved.
B. AWS allows you to provision no more than 20 instances per Availability Zone. Select a different
Availability Zone and retry the failed request.
C. You need to use Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in order to provision more than 20
instances in a single Availability Zone. Simply terminate the resources already provisioned and relaunch
them all in a VPC.
D. You encountered an API throttling situation and should try the failed requests using an
exponential decay retry algorithm.
Answer: 

★Question 270
Which of the following is a durable key-value store?
A. Amazon Simple Storage Service
B. Amazon Simple Workflow Service
C. Amazon Simple Queue Service
D. Amazon Simple Notification Service
Answer: 
Amazon S3 是一种简单的键值存储，专门用于存储任意多的对象。
• 键 – 分配给对象的名称。您可以使用对象键检索该对象。
• 值 – 您正在存储的内容。
       对象值可以是任意序列的字节。对象的大小范围是 0 到 5 TB

★Question 271
Is an edge location in AWS the same as a region?
A. True
B. False
Answer: 

★Question 272
When it comes to API credentials, what is the best practise recommended by AWS?
A. Create a role which has the necessary and can be assumed by the EC2 instance.
B. Use the API credentials from an EC2 instance.
C. Use the API credentials from a bastion host.
D. Use the API credentials from a NAT Instance.
Answer: 

★Question 273
A custorner has a requirement to extend their on-premises data center to AWS. The custorner
requires a 50-Mbps dedicated and private connection to their VPC. Which AWS product or feature
satisfies this requirernent?
A. Arnazon VPC
B. Elastic IP Addresses
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon VPC virtual private gateway
Answer: 

★Question 274
What is the minimum size of an EBS volume as per AWS?
A. 2TB
B. 1GiB
C. 1GB
D. 1Byte
Answer: 

★Question 275
If a provisioned IOPS volume of 4iGB is created, what are the possible correct values for IOPS for
the volume in order for it to be created?
A. 200
B. 300
C. 400
D. 500
Answer: 

★Question 276
How can an EBS volume which is currently attached to an EC2 instance in one Availability Zone to
another?
A. Detach the volume and attach to an EC2 instance in another AZ.
B. Create a new volume in the other AZ and speciW the current volume as the source.
C. Create a snapshot of the volume and then create a volume from the snapshot in the other AZ
D. Create a new volume in the AZ and do a disk copy of contents from one volume to another.
Answer: 

★Question 277
A company is hosting EC2 instances which focuses on work-loads are on non-production and
non-priority batch loads. Also these processes can be interrupted at any time.
A. Reserved Instances
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Regular Instances
Answer: 

★Question 278
Which of the following databases is not supported on Amazon RDS?
A. MSSOL
B. MySOL
C. Aurora
D. DB2
Answer: 

★Question 279
Amazon rds provides a facility to modify the back-up retention policy for automated backups, with a
value of 0 indicating for no backup retention.
What is the maximum retention period allowed in days?
A. 45
B. 35
C. 15
D. 10
Answer: 

★Question 280
A Solutions Architect has five web servers serving requests for a domain.
Which of the following Amazon Route 53 routing policies can distribute traffic randomly among
all healthy web servers?
A. Simple
B. Failover
C. Weighted
D. Multivalue Answer
Answer: 

★Question 281
A web server will be provisioned on two Amazon EC2 instances with an Application Load Balancer.
Which of the following configurations will allow traffic on HTTP and HTTPS when configuring a security group to
apply to each of these servers?
A. Allow all inbound traffic, with explicit denies on non-HTTP and non-HTTPS ports.
B. Allow incoming traffic to HTTP and HTTPS ports.
C. Allow incoming traffic to HTTP and HTTPS ports, with explicit denies to all other ports.
D. Deny all traffic to non-HTTP and non-HTTPS ports
Answer: 

★Question 282
A company wants to run a static website served through Amazon CloudFront.
What is an advantage of storing the website content in an S3 bucket instead of an EBS volume?
A. S3 buckets are replicated globally, allowing for large scalability. EBS volumes are
replicated only within a region.
B. S3 is an origin for CloudFront. EBS volumes would need EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancing load
balancer to be an origin.
C. S3 buckets can be encrypted, allowing for secure storage of the web files. EBS volumes cannot be encrypted.
D. S3 buckets support object-level read throttling, preventing abuse. EBS volumes do not provide objectlevel
throttling.
Answer: 

★Question 283
A company is moving to AWS. Management has identified a set of approved AWS servicesthat meet all
deployment requirements. The company would like to restrict access to all other unapproved services to which
employees would have access.
公司搬到AWS。管理已确定一组通过AWS服务,满足所有部署的要求。
该公司想要限制访问所有其他未经批准的员工将获得服务。
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
A. Configure the AWS Trusted Advisor service utilization compliance report. Subscribe to Amazon SNS
notifications from Trusted Advisor. Create a custom AWS Lambda function that can automatically remediate
the use of unauthorized services.
B. Use AWS Config to evaluate the configuration settings of AWS resources. Subscribe to Amazon SNS
notifications from AWS Config. Create a custom AWS Lambda function that can automatically remediate the
use of unauthorized services.
C. Configure AWS Organizations. Create an organizational unit (OU) and place all AWS accounts into the
OU. Apply a service control policy (SCP) to the OU that denies the use of certain services.
D. Create a custom AWS IAM policy. Deploy the policy to each account using AWS CloudFormation StackSets.
Include deny statements in the policy to restrict the use of certain services. Attach the policies to all IAM users in
each account.
Answer: 

★Question 284
A customer is running a critical payroll system in a production environment in one data center and a disaster
recovery (DR) environment in another. The application includes load-balanced web servers and failover for the
MySQL database. The customer's DR process is manual and errorphone. For this reason, management has asked
IT to migrate the application to AWS and make it highly available so that IT no longer has to manually fail over
the environment. How should a Solutions Architect migrate the system to AWS?
客户在生产环境中运行一个关键的工资单系统在一个数据中心和灾难恢复(DR)在另一个环境。
应用程序包括负载平衡web服务器和MySQL数据库故障转移。客户的过程是手动博士和错误电话。
出于这个原因,管理要求应用程序迁移到AWS,使其高可用性,这样就不再需要手动故障转移环境。
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/2462-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-topic-1/
A. Migrate the production and DR environments to different Availability Zones within the same region. Let AWS
manage failover between the environments.
B. Migrate the production and DR environments to different regions. Let AWS manage failover between
the environments.
C. Migrate the production environment to a single Availability Zone, and set up instance recovery for
Amazon EC2. Decommission the DR environment because it is no longer needed.
D. Migrate the production environment to span multiple Availability Zones, using Elastic Load Balancing and
Multi-AZ Amazon RDS. Decommission the DR environment because it is no longer needed.
Answer: 

★Question 285
A company is creating a web application that will run on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application on the
instance needs access to an Amazon DynamoDB table for storage. What should be done to meet these
requirements?
公司是创建一个web应用程序,该应用程序将运行在一个Amazon EC2实例。
实例上的应用程序需要访问亚马逊DynamoDB表用于存储。
A. Create another AWS account root user with permissions to the DynamoDB table.
B. Create an IAM role and assign the role to the EC2 instance with permissions to the DynamoDB table.
C. Create an identity provider and assign the identity provider to the EC2 instance with permissions to
the DynamoDB table.
D. Create identity federation with permissions to the DynamoDB table.
Answer: 

★Question 286
A company is creating a web application that allows customers to view photos in their web browsers. The
website is hosted in us-east-1 on Amazon EC2 instances behind an ApplicationLoad Balancer. Users will be
located in many places around the world.
公司创建一个web应用程序,它允许客户在他们的web浏览器来查看照片。
网站托管在us-east-1 Amazon EC2实例应用程序负载均衡器。用户将在世界上许多地方
Which solution should provide all users with the fastest photo viewing experience?
A. Implement an AWS Auto Scaling group for the web server instances behind the Application Load Balancer.
B. Enable Amazon CloudFront for the website and specify the Application Load Balancer as the origin.
C. Move the photos into an Amazon S3 bucket and enable static website hosting.
D. Enable Amazon ElastiCache in the web server subnet.
Answer: 

★Question 287
A Solutions Architect is designing a highly available web application on AWS. The data served on the
website is dynamic and is pulled from Amazon DynamoDB. All users are geographically close to one
another.
解决方案架构师正在设计一个高度可用的web应用程序在AWS上。
在网站的数据是动态的,是来自亚马逊DynamoDB。所有的用户都是在地理上接近对方。
How can the Solutions Architect make the application highly available?
A. Host the website data on Amazon S3 and set permissions to enable public read-only
Access for users.
B. Host the web server data on Amazon CloudFront and update the objects in the Cloudfront distribution when
they change.
C. Host the application on EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. Use an Auto Scaling group
coupled with an Application Load Balancer.
D. Host the application on EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone. Replicate the EC2 instances to a
separate region, and use an Application Load Balancer for high availability.
Answer: 

★Question 288
A company is migrating on-premises databases to AWS. The company's backend application produces a large
amount of database queries for reporting purposes, and the company wants to offload some of those reads to
Read Replica, allowing the primary database to continue performing efficiently.
一个公司是本地数据库迁移到AWS。公司的后端应用程序生成大量的数据库查询报告的目的,
公司想导流一些查询到只读副本,允许主数据库继续有效执行。
Which AWS database platforms will accomplish this? (Select TWO.)
A. Amazon RDS for Oracle
B. Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL
C. Amazon RDS for MariaDB
D. Amazon DynamoDB
E. Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server
Answer: 
※MariaDB、MySQL、Oracle 和 PostgreSQL 引擎都支持只读副本。

★Question 289
An application launched on Amazon EC2 instances needs to publish personally identifiable information (PII)
about customers using Amazon SNS. The application is launched in private subnets within an Amazon VPC.
启动在亚马逊EC2实例上的应用程序需要使用亚马逊SNS来发布关于客户的个人身份信息(PII)。应用程序启动在私有VPC子网里
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/7551-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-topic-1/
Which is the MOST secure way to allow the application to access service endpoints in the same region?
A. Use an internet gateway.
B. Use AWS PrivateLink.
C. Use a NAT gateway.
D. Use a proxy instance.
Answer: 
利用接口 VPC 终端节点 (接口终端节点)，您可连接到由 AWS PrivateLink 提供支持的服务。这些服务包括一
些 AWS 服务，由其他 AWS 客户和合作伙伴在他们自己的 VPC 中托管的服务（称为终端节点服务），以及
受支持的 AWS Marketplace 合作伙伴服务。服务的所有者是服务提供商，您 (作为创建接口终端节点的委托
人) 是服务使用者。


★Question 290
A data-processing application runs on an i3.large EC2 instance with a single 100 GB EBS gp2 volume. The
application stores temporary data in a small database (less than 30 GB) located on the EBS root volume. The
application is struggling to process the data fast enough, and a Solutions Architect has determined that the
I/O speed of the temporary database is the bottleneck.
数据处理的应用程序运行在一个i3.largeEC2实例,一个100 GB的EBS gp2硬盘。
数据库应用程序存储临时数据在一个小(小于30 GB)位于EBS根卷上。
应用程序正在努力处理数据速度不够快,解决方案架构师确定临时数据库的I / O速度瓶颈。
What is the MOST cost-efficient way to improve the database response times?
A. Enable EBS optimization on the instance and keep the temporary files on the existing volume.
B. Put the temporary database on a new 50-GB EBS gp2 volume.
C. Move the temporary database onto instance storage.
D. Put the temporary database on a new 50-GB EBS io1 volume with a 3-K IOPS provision.
Answer: 

★Question 291
An application stores data in an Amazon RDS PostgreSQL Multi-AZ database instance. The ratio of read requests
to write requests is about 2 to 1. Recent increases in traffic are causing very high latency.
一个应用程序将数据存储在一个Amazon RDS PostgreSQL Multi-AZ数据库实例。
读requests与写请求的比例是2比1。最近增加的交通造成非常高的延迟。
How can this problem be corrected?
A. Create a similar RDS PostgreSQL instance and direct all traffic to it.
B. Use the secondary instance of the Multiple Availability Zone for read traffic only.
C. Create a read replica and send half of all traffic to it.
D. Create a read replica and send all read traffic to it.
Answer: 

★Question 292
A Solutions Architect is designing a system that will store Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in an Amazon
S3 bucket. Due to compliance and regulatory requirements, both the master keys and unencrypted data should
never be sent to AWS.
解决方案架构师是设计一个系统,将存储个人身份信息(PII) AmazonS3桶。
由于合规和监管要求,主密钥和加密数据不能被发送到AWS。
What Amazon S3 encryption technique should the Architect choose?
A. Amazon S3 client-side encryption with an AWS KMS-managed customer master key (CMK)
B. Amazon S3 server-side encryption with an AWS KMS-managed key
C. Amazon S3 client-side encryption with a client-side master key
D. Amazon S3 server-side encryption with a customer-provided key
Answer: 

★Question 293
A Security team reviewed their company's VPC Flow Logs and found that traffic is being directed to the internet.
The application in the VPC uses Amazon EC2 instances for compute and Amazon S3 for storage. The company's
goal is to eliminate internet access and allow the application to continue to function.
安全团队评审了他们公司的VPC流日志,发现交通被定向到互联网。
应用在VPC使用Amazon EC2实例计算和Amazon S3存储。
公司目标是消除互联网访问并且允许应用程序继续原有的功能
What change should be made in the VPC before updating the route table?
A. Create a NAT gateway for Amazon S3 access
B. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 access
C. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon EC2 access
D. Create a NAT gateway for Amazon EC2 access
Answer: 

★Question 294
A company is deploying a reporting application on Amazon EC2. The application is expected to generate 1,000
documents every hour and each document will be 800 MB. The company is concerned about strong data
consistency and file locking, as various applications hosted on other EC2 instances will process the report
documents in parallel when they become available.
一个公司在Amazon EC2部署报表应用程序。应用程序将生成每小时1000个文档,每个文档将800 MB。
该公司担心数据的强一致性和文件锁定,因为其他各种托管在EC2实例的应用程序将在文档可用时并行处理这些文档。
What storage solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of administrative overhead?
A. Amazon EFS
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon ElastiCache
D. Amazon EBS
Answer:

★Question 295
A Solutions Architect is building a WordPress-based web application hosted on AWS using Amazon EC2. This
application serves as a blog for an international internet security company.
The application must be geographically redundant and scalable. It must separate the public Amazon EC2 web
servers from the private Amazon RDS database, it must be highly available,and it must support dynamic port
routing. Which combination of AWS services or capabilities will meet these requirements?
解决方案架构师在托管在AWS上的Amazon EC2中构建WordPress-based web应用程序。
这个应用为国际互联网安全公司提供一个博客服务。应用程序必须在地理上冗余和可伸缩的。
它必须分开由Amazon EC2组成的web servers和私有Amazon RDS数据库,它必须高度可用,它必须支持动态端口路由
A. AWS Auto Scaling with a Classic Load Balancer, and AWS CloudTrail
B. Amazon Route 53, Auto Scaling with an Application Load Balancer, and Amazon CloudFront
C. A VPC, a NAT gateway and Auto Scaling with a Network Load Balancer
D. CloudFront, Route 53, and Auto Scaling with a Classic Load Balancer
Answer: 

★Question 296
An e-commerce application places orders in an Amazon SQS queue. When a message is received, Amazon EC2
worker instances process the request. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group.
How should the architecture be designed to scale up and down with the LEAST amount of operational
overhead?
一个电子商务应用程序把订单放在一个Amazon SQS队列。
当接收到消息后,Amazon EC2实例开始处理请求。EC2实例在自动伸缩功能组里。
体系结构应该如何设计规模上下扩展时最少的操作开销

A. Use an Amazon CloudWatch alarm on the EC2 CPU to scale the Auto Scaling group up anddown.
B. Use an EC2 Auto Scaling health check for messages processed on the EC2 instances to scale up and down.
C. Use an Amazon CloudWatch alarm based on the number of visible messages to scale the Auto Scaling group
up or down.
D. Use an Amazon CloudWatch alarm based on the CPU to scale the Auto Scaling group up or down.
Answer: 

★Question 297
A customer is migrating to AWS and requires applications to access Network File System shares without
code changes. Data is critical and accessed frequently.
Which storage solution should a Solutions Architect recommend to maximize availability and durability?
客户迁移到AWS,需要应用程序访问网络文件系统不用代码更改。数据是至关重要并且经常访问的。
A. Amazon EBS
B. Amazon S3
C. AWS Storage Gateway for files
D. Amazon EFS
Answer: 

★Question 298
A company has many applications on Amazon EC2 instances running in Auto Scaling groups.
Company policies require that data on the attached Amazon EBS volume must be retained.
Which actions will meet this requirement without impacting performance?
一个公司有很多应用在Amazon EC2实例运行在自动伸缩功能组。
公司政策要求附加亚马逊EBS卷上的数据必须保留。
A. Enable Termination Protection on the Amazon EC2 instances.
B. Disable DeleteOnTermination for the Amazon EBS volumes.
C. Use Amazon EC2 user data to set up a synchronization job for root volume data.
D. Change the auto scaling Health Check to point to a source on the root volume.
Answer: 

当实例终止时，Amazon EC2 会使用每个挂载的 Amazon EBS 卷的 DeleteOnTermination 属性的值来确
定是保留还是删除该卷。根据卷是否为实例的根卷，DeleteOnTermination 属性的默认值会有所不同。
默认情况下，实例的根卷的 DeletionOnTermination 属性将设置为 true。因此，当某个实例终止时，
默认为删除该实例的根卷。DeletionOnTermination 属性可由 AMI 的创建者以及实例的启动者设置。当
AMI 的创建者或实例的启动者更改属性时，新的设置将覆盖原始 AMI 默认设置。我们建议您在使用 AMI 启
动实例后验证 DeletionOnTermination 属性的默认设置。

★Question 299
A company wants to expand its web services from us-east-1 into ap-southeast-1. The company stores
a large amount of static content on its website, and recently received complaints about slow loading
speeds and the website timing out.
公司希望扩展其web服务从us-east-1 ap-southeast-1。
公司存储在其网站上大量的静态内容,最近收到投诉网站加载速度缓慢和超时。
What should be done to meet the expansion goal while also addressing the latency and timeout issues?
A. Store the static content in Amazon S3 and enable S3 Transfer Acceleration.
B. Store the static content in an Amazon EBS volume in the ap-southeast-1 region and provision larger
Amazon EC2 instances for the website.
C. Use an Amazon Route 53 simple routing policy to distribute cached content across three regions.
D. Use Amazon S3 to store the static content and configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution.
Answer: 

★Question 300
An application is scanning an Amazon DynamoDB table that was created with default settings.
The application occasionally reads stale data when it queries the table.
应用程序扫描一个亚马逊DynamoDB表创建默认设置。应用程序偶尔读陈旧的数据查询的表。
How can this issue be corrected?
A. Increase the provisioned read capacity of the table.
B. Enable AutoScaling on the DynamoDB table.
C. Update the application to use strongly consistent reads.
D. Re-create the DynamoDB table with eventual consistency disabled.
Answer:
最终一致性 和 强一致性

★Question 301
A company is setting up a new website for online sales. The company will have a web tier and a database tier.
The web tier consists of load-balanced, auto-scaled Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones (AZs).
The database tier is an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment.
The EC2 instances must connect securely to the database.
公司正在建立一个新的在线销售网站。该公司将有一个web层和数据库层。
web层由负载均衡、auto-scaled Amazon EC2实例在多个可用性区域(az)。
数据库层是一个Amazon RDS Multi-AZ部署。EC2实例必须安全地连接到数据库。
How should the resources be launched?
A.EC2 instances: public subnet RDS database instances: public subnet Load balancer: public subnet
B.EC2 instances: public subnet RDS database instances: private subnet Load balancer:
private subnet
C.EC2 instances: private subnet RDS database instances: public subnet Load balancer:
public subnet
D.EC2 instances: private subnet RDS database instances: private subnet Load balancer:
Public subnet
Answer: 

★Question 302
A customer set up an Amazon VPC with one private subnet and one public subnet with a NAT gateway. The VPC
will contain a group of Amazon EC2 instances. All instances will configure themselves at startup by downloading
a bootstrap script from an Amazon S3 bucket with a policy that only allows access from the customer's Amazon
EC2 instances and then deploys an application through GIT. A Solutions Architect has been asked to design a
solution that provides the highest level of security regarding network connectivity to the Amazon EC2 instances.
How should the Architect design the infrastructure?
客户建立一个亚马逊VPC包含一个私有子网和一个带NAT网关的公共子网。
VPC 将包含一组Amazon EC2实例。在启动时将配置所有实例自己下载一个引导脚本从一个Amazon S3 bucket的政策,
只允许访问客户的AmazonEC2通过GIT然后部署一个应用程序实例。
解决方案架构师被要求设计想到提供最高水平的安全网络连接到Amazon EC2实例。
A. Place the Amazon EC2 instances in the public subnet, with no EIPs; route outgoing traffic through the
internet gateway.
B. Place the Amazon EC2 instances in a public subnet, and assign EIPs; route outgoing traffic through the
NAT gateway.
C. Place the Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet, and assign EIPs; route outgoing traffic through the
internet gateway.
D. Place the Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet, with no EIPs; route outgoing traffic through the NAT
gateway
Answer: 

★Question 303
A company processed 10 TB of raw data to generate quarterly reports. Although it is unlikely tobe used again,
the raw data needs to be preserved for compliance and auditing purposes What is the MOST cost-effective way
to store the data in AWS?
公司加工10 TB的原始数据以用来生成季度报告。
虽然不太可能再次使用,需要对原始数据保存为合规、审计目的
A. Amazon EBS Cold HDD (sc1)
B. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
C. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
D. Amazon Glacier
Answer: 

★Question 304
A Solutions Architect needs to design a solution that will allow Website Developers to deploy static web content
without managing server infrastructure. All web content must be accessed over HTTPS with a custom domain
name. The solution should be scalable as the company continues to grow.
解决方案架构师需要设计一个解决方案,让网站开发人员部署静态web内容时不需要管理服务器基础设施。
所有的网络内容都必须在HTTPS访问一个定制的域名。解决方案应该是可伸缩的公司继续增长。
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/2502-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-topic-1/

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/AmazonS3/latest/dev/website-hosting-custom-domain-walkthrough.html
Which of the following will provide the MOST cost-effective solution?
A. Amazon EC2 instance with Amazon EBS
B. AWS Lambda function with Amazon API Gateway
C. Amazon CloudFront with an Amazon S3 bucket origin
D. Amazon S3 with a static website
Answer: 

★Question 305
A company is running a series of national TV campaigns. These 30-second advertisements will
introduce sudden traffic peaks targeted at a Node.js application. The company expects traffic to increase from
five requests each minute to more than 5,000 requests each minute.
公司运行的一系列国家电视广告。这些30秒的广告将为一个Node.js的应用程序突然引起流量高峰。
公司预计流量从5个请求每分钟增加到超过每分钟5000个请求。
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/6774-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-topic-1/
Which AWS service should a Solutions Architect use to ensure traffic surges can be handled?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon ElastiCache
C. Size EC2 instances to handle peak load
D. An Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances
Answer: 

@@should be A, as it's "sudden spike", which auto scaling can't handle it in a very short time

★Question 306
An insurance company stores all documents related to annual policies for the duration of the policies. The
documents are created once and then stored until they are required, typically at the end of the policy. A
document must be capable of being retrieved immediately. The company is now moving their document
management to the AWS Cloud.
保险公司存储所有文档相关年度政策政策的持续时间。
直到他们存储的文档创建一次,然后是必需的,通常在年底政策。
文档必须立即能够检索。该公司目前正AWS云的文档管理。
Which service should a Solutions Architect recommend as a cost-effective solution that meets the company's
requirements?
A. Amazon RDS MySQL
B. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access
C. Amazon Glacier
D. Amazon S3 Standard
Answer: 

★Question 307
How can a user track memory usage in an EC2 instance?
A. Call Amazon CloudWatch to retrieve the memory usage metric data that exists for the EC2instance.
B. Assign an IAM role to the EC2 instance with an IAM policy granting access to the desired metric.
C. Use an instance type that supports memory usage reporting to a metric by default.
D. Place an agent on the EC2 instance to push memory usage to an Amazon CloudWatch custom metric.
Answer: 

★Question 308
A Solutions Architect must design a storage solution for incoming billing reports in CSV format.
The data does not need to be scanned frequently and is discarded after 30 days. Which service
will be MOST cost-effective in meeting these requirements?
解决方案架构师必须设计一个存储解决方案的计费CSV格式的报告。
数据不需要扫描频繁,30天后被丢弃。
A. Import the logs into an RDS MySQL instance.
B. Use AWS Data Pipeline to import the logs into a DynamoDB table.
C. Write the files to an S3 bucket and use Amazon Athena to query the data.
D. Import the logs to an Amazon Redshift cluster
Answer: 

★Question 309
A Solutions Architect needs to deploy an HTTP/HTTPS service on Amazon EC2 instances with
support for WebSockets using load balancers. How can
the Architect meet these requirements?
A. Configure a Network Load Balancer.
B. Configure an Application Load Balancer.
C. Configure a Classic Load Balancer.
D. Configure a Layer-4 Load Balancer.
Answer:

★Question 310
A Solution Architect is designing a web application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind
a load balancer. All data in transit must be encrypted.
解决方案架构师设计是一个web应用程序,它运行在Amazon EC2实例后面负载均衡器。
所有的数据都在传输途中必须加密。
Which solutions will meet the encryption requirement? (Select TWO.)
A. Use an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in passthrough mode, then terminate SSL on EC2 instances.
B. Use an Application Load Balancer (ALB) with a TCP listener, then terminate SSL on EC2 instances.
C. Use a Network Load Balancer (NLB) with a TCP listener, then terminate SSL on EC2 instances.
D. Use an Application Load Balancer (ALB) with an HTTPS listener, then install SSL certificates on the
ALB and EC2 instances.
E. Use a Network Load Balancer (NLB) with an HTTPS listener, then install SSL certificates on the NLB and EC2
instances.
Answer: 

★Question 311
A user is designing a new service that receives location updates from 3,600 rental cars every hour. The cars
upload their location to an Amazon S3 bucket. Each location must be checked for distance from the original
rental location.
用户正在设计一个新的服务接收位置更新从3600年每小时租车。
汽车一个Amazon S3 bucket上传他们的位置。
每个位置都必须检查距离原租赁位置。
Which services will process the updates and automatically scale?
A. Amazon EC2 and Amazon EBS
B. Amazon Kinesis Firehose and Amazon S3
C. Amazon ECS and Amazon RDS
D. Amazon S3 events and AWS Lambda
Answer: 

★Question 312
A company is writing a new service running on Amazon EC2 that must create thumbnail images of
thousands of images in a large archive. The system will write scratch data to storage
during the process.
公司正在编写一个在Amazon EC2上运行的新的服务,这个服务为大量的存档图像创建缩略图。
该系统在处理过程中抓取数据并存储。
Which storage service is best suited for this scenario?
A. EC2 instance store
B. Amazon EFS
C. Amazon CloudSearch
D. Amazon EBS Throughput Optimized HDD (st1)
Answer: 

★Question 313
A company's Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance may be rebooted for maintenance and to apply patches. This
database is critical and potential user disruption must be minimized. What should the Solution Architect do
in this scenario?
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/2308-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-topic-1/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_UpgradeDBInstance.MySQL.html#USER_UpgradeDBInstance.MySQL.ReducedDowntime
公司的Amazon RDS MySQL数据库实例为了维护和应用补丁可能被重启。
这个数据库是至关重要的和潜在的用户中断必须控制到最小化。
A. Set up an RDS MySQL cluster
B. Create an RDS MySQL Read Replica.
C. Set RDS MySQL to Multi-AZ.
D. Create an Amazon EC2 instance MySQL cluster.
Answer: 

★Question 314
A retail company operates an e-commerce environment that runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an
Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group.
Images are hosted in an Amazon S3 bucket using a custom domain name.
During a flash sale with 10,000 simultaneous users, some images on the website are not loading. What
should be done to resolve the performance issue?
零售公司经营电子商务环境,运行在Amazon EC2实例应用程序负载均衡器。
实例运行在Amazon EC2自动伸缩功能组。
图像是驻留在一个Amazon S3 bucket使用自定义的域名。
在一个10000个并发用户的峰值,一些图片在网站上不能加载。
A. Move the images to the EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group.
B. Enable Transfer Acceleration for the S3 bucket.
C. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the S3 bucket as the origin.
D. Increase the number of minimum, desired, and maximum EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group.
Answer: 

★Question 315
A solutions Architect is designing a new workload where an AWS Lambda function will access an
Amazon DynamoDB table.
What is the MOST secure means of granting the Lambda function access to the DynamoDB table?
A. Create an identity and access management (IAM) role with the necessary permissions to access the
DynamoDB table, and assign the role to the Lambda function.
B. Create a DynamoDB user name and password and give them to the Developer to use in the Lambda
function.
C. Create an identity and access management (IAM) user, and create access and secret keys for the user. Give the
user the necessary permissions to access the DynamoDB table. Have the Developer use these keys to access the
resources.
D. Create an identity and access management (IAM) role allowing access from AWS Lambda and assign the role
to the DynamoDB table.
Answer: 

★Question 316
A web application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an ELB Application Load Balancer. The instances run in
an EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Every night,the Auto Scaling group doubles in size.
Traffic analysis shows that users in a particular region are requesting the same static content stored locally on
the EC2 instances.
web应用程序运行在Amazon EC2实例背后ELB应用程序负载均衡器。
运行在一个EC2实例自动伸缩功能组多个可用性区域。
每天晚上,自动伸缩组会双倍的大小。
流量分析显示,用户在一个特定的地区要求相同的静态内容存储在本地在EC2实例
How can a Solutions Architect reduces the need to scale and improve application performance
for the users?
A. Re-deploy the application in a new VPC that is closer to the users making the requests.
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the site and redirect user traffic to the distribution.
C. Store the contents on Amazon EFS instead of the EC2 root volume.
D.Implement Amazon Redshift to create a repository of the content closer to the users.
Answer: 

★Question 317
A Solutions Architect is designing an application that will run on Amazon ECS behind an Application Load
Balancer(ALB). For security reasons, the Amazon EC2 host instances for the ECS cluster are in a private subnet.
What should be done to ensure that the incoming traffic to the host instances is from the ALB only?
解决方案架构师是设计一个应用程序,该应用程序将运行在亚马逊应用程序背后的ECS负载均衡器(ALB)。
出于安全原因,ECS的Amazon EC2主机实例集群在一个私人的子网。
A. Create network ACL rules for the private subnet to allow incoming traffic on ports 32768
through 61000 from the IP address of the ALB only.
B. Update the EC2 cluster security group to allow incoming access from the IP address of the ALB only.
C. Modify the security group used by the EC2 cluster to allow incoming traffic from the security group
used by the ALB only.
D. Enable AWS WAF on the ALB and enable the ECS rule.
Answer: 

★Question 318
A company wants to improve latency by hosting images within a public Amazon S3 bucket fronted by an
Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company wants to restrict access to the S3
bucket to include the CloudFront distribution only, while also allowing CloudFront to continue proper
functionality.
公司希望通过创建图像在一个公共的Amazon S3 bucket的Amazon CloudFront分布改善延迟。
公司想要限制访问S3 bucket包括CloudFront分布,同时也允许CloudFront继续适当的功能。
What should be done after making the bucket private to restrict access with the LEAST operational
overhead?
A. Create a CloudFront origin access identity and create a security group that allows access from
CloudFront.
B. Create a CloudFront origin access identity and update the bucket policy to grant access to it.
C. Create a bucket policy restricting all access to the bucket to include CloudFront IPs only.
D. Enable the CloudFront option to restrict viewer access and update the bucket policy to allow
the distribution.
Answer: 

★Question 319
A Solutions Architect is designing a new architecture that will use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group.
Which of the following factors determine the health check grace period? (Select TWO.)
A. How frequently the Auto Scaling group scales up or down.
B. How many Amazon CloudWatch alarms are configured for status checks.
C. How much of the application code is embedded in the AMI.
D. How long it takes for the Auto Scaling group to detect a failure.
E. How long the bootstrap script takes to run.
Answer: 

★Question 320
A company plans to deploy a new application in AWS that reads and writes information to a database. The
company wants to deploy the application in two different AWS Regions in an active-active configuration. The
databases need to replicate to keep information in sync.
公司计划在AWS部署一个新应用程序读取和写入信息到数据库中。
公司想要部署应用程序在两个不同的AWS地区实现主配置。
数据库需要复制保持信息同步。
What should be used to meet these requirements?
A. Amazon Athena with Amazon S3 cross-region replication
B. AWS Database Migration Service with change data capture
C. Amazon DynamoDB with global tables
D. Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL with a cross-region Read Replica
Answer: 

★Question 321
A company is developing a data lake solution in Amazon S3 to analyze large-scale datasets. The solution makes
infrequent SQL queries only. In addition, the company wants to minimize infrastructure costs.
公司正在开发一个数据解决方案在Amazon S3湖分析大型数据集。
解决方案不频繁的SQL查询。此外,该公司希望减少基础设施成本。
Which AWS service should be used to meet these requirements?
A. Amazon Athena
B. Amazon Redshift Spectrum
C. Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL
D. Amazon Aurora
Answer:

★Question 322
A company needs to store data for 5 years. The company will need to have immediate and highly available
access to the data at any point in time, but will not require frequent access. What lifecycle action should be
taked to meet the requirements while reducing costs?
A. Transition objects from Amazon S3 Standard to Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard- IA)
B. Transition objects to expire after 5 years.
C. Transition objects from Amazon S3 Standard to Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
D. Transition objects from Amazon S3 Standard to the GLACIER storage class.
Answer: 

★Question 323
A company wants to create an application that will transmit protected health information (PHI) to thousands of
service consumers in different AWS accounts. The application servers will sit in private VPC subnets. The routing
for the application must be fault tolerant.
一个公司想要创建一个应用程序,该应用程序将发送受保护的健康信息(PHI)数以千计任职的消费者不同AWS帐户。
应用服务器将坐在私人VPC子网。应用程序必须容错路由。  ★接口 VPC 终端节点 (AWS PrivateLink)★
What should be done to meet these requirements?
A. Create a VPC endpoint service and grant permissions to specific service consumers to create a connection.
B. Create a virtual private gateway connection between each pair of service provider VPCs and service
consumer VPCs.
C. Create an internal Application Load Balancer in the service provider VPC and put application
servers behind it.
D. Create a proxy server in the service provider VPC to route requests from service consumers to the
application servers.
Answer:

★Question 324
A company hosts a website using Amazon API Gateway on the front end. Recently, there has been heavy traffic
on the website and the company wants to control access by allowing authenticated traffic only.
公司举办一个网站使用Amazon API网关在前端。
最近,出现了交通拥挤在网站上和公司想通过只允许经过身份验证的交通控制访问
How should the company limit access to authenticated users only? (Select TWO.)
A. Allow users that are authenticated through Amazon Cognito.
B. Limit traffic through API Gateway.
C. Allow X.509 certificates to authenticate traffic.
D. Deploy AWS KMS to identify users.
E. Assign permissions in AWS IAM to allow users.
Answer: 

★Question 325
A company needs to use AWS resources to expand capacity for a website hosted in an onpremises data center.
The AWS resources will include load balancers, Auto Scaling, and Amazon EC2 instances that will access an onpremises
database. Network connectivity has been established, but no traffic is going to the AWS environment.
一个公司需要使用AWS资源来扩大产能的网站托管在一个前提数据中心。
AWS资源包括负载平衡器、自动伸缩功能,和Amazon EC2实例访问数据库的前提。
网络连接已经建立,但没有流量AWS环境。
How should Amazon Route 53 be configured to distribute load to the AWS environment? (Select TWO.)
A. Set up a weighted routing policy, distributing the workload between the load balancer and the on- premises
environment.
B. Set up an A record to point the DNS name to the IP address of the load balancer.
C. Create multiple A records for the EC2 instances.
D. Set up a geolocation routing policy to distribute the workload between the load balancer and
the on- premises environment.
E. Set up a routing policy for failover using the on-premises environment as primary and the load balancer as
secondary.
Answer: 

★Question 326
An organization has created an application which is hosted on the AWS EC2 instance. The application stores
images to S3 when the end user uploads to it. The organization does not want to store the AWS secure
credentials required to access the S3 inside the instance.
一个组织创造了一个应用程序托管在AWS EC2实例。
应用程序商店图片S3当最终用户上传。
组织不希望存储所需的AWS安全凭据访问S3中的实例。
Which of the below mentioned options is a possible solution to avoid any security threat?
A. Use the IAM based single sign between the AWS resources and the organization application.
B. Use the IAM role and assign it to the instance.
C. Since the application is hosted on EC2, it does not need credentials to access S3.
D. Use the X.509 certificates instead of the access and the secret access keys.
Answer: 

★Question 327
A Solutions Architect is reviewing an application that writes data to an Amazon DynamoDB table on a daily basis. 
Random table reads occur many times per second.The company needs to allow thousands of low-latency reads and 
avoid any negative impact to the rest of the application.
解决方案架构师正在评估一个应用程序,该应用程序函数将数据写入一个亚马逊DynamoDB表每天。
随机表读取发生很多次每秒。该公司需要允许成千上万的低延迟读取和避免任何负面影响到应用程序的其余部分。
What should the Solutions Architect do to meet the company's goals?
A. A Use DynamoDB Accelerator to cache reads
B. DynamoDB write capacity units
C. Add Amazon SQS to decouple requests
D. Implement Amazon Kinesis to decouple requests
Answer: 

★Question 328
A company is launching a dynamic website and the Operations team expects up to 10 times the traffic on the
launch date. This website is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances and traffic is distributed by Amazon Route 53. A
Solutions Architect must ensure that there is enough backend capacity to meet user demands. The Operations
team wants to scale down as quickly as possible after the launch.
公司将推出一个动态网站和运营团队预计10倍的流量在上线日期。
本网站托管在Amazon EC2实例和流量分布由Amazon 53。
想到建筑师必须确保有足够的后端产能,以满足用户的要求。
运营团队希望尽快缩小后发射。
What is the MOST cost-effective and fault-tolerant solution that will meet the company's customer
demands? (Select TWO)
A. Set up an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to multiple EC2 instances
B. Set up an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones for the website, and create scaleout and scalein
policies
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to send an email through Amazon SNS when EC2 instances experience
higher loads
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to monitor website load time, run it every 5 minutes, and use the AWS SDK
to create a new instance if website load time is longer than 2 seconds
E. Use Amazon CloudFront to cache the website content during launch, and set a TTL for cache content to
expire after the launch date
Answer: 

★Question 329
A Solutions Architect is considering possible options for improving the security of the data stored on an
Amazon EBS volume attached to on Amazon EC2 instance. Which solution will improve the security of the data?
解决方案架构师考虑可能的选择对提高数据的安全存储在亚马逊EBS卷附加到Amazon EC2实例上。
A. Use AWS KMS to encrypt the EBS volume
B. Create an I AM policy that restricts read and write access to the volume
C. Migrate the sensitive data to an instance store volume
D. Use Amazon single sign-on to control login access to the EC2 instance
Answer: 

★Question 330
A Solutions Architect is designing an application in AWS The Architect must not expose the application or
database tier over the Internet for security reasons The application must be lowcost and have a scalable front
end The databases and application tier must have only one-way Internet access to download software and
patch updates.
解决方案架构师在AWS设计应用程序架构师不能在互联网上公开应用程序或数据库层出于安全考虑,
应用程序必须低成本和可伸缩的前端数据库和应用程序层必须只有单向上网下载软件和补丁更新。
Which solution helps to meet these requirements?
A. Use a NAT Gateway as the front end for the application tier and to enable the private resources to have
Internet access
B. Use an Amazon EC2-based proxy server as the front end for the application tier and a NAT Gateway to allow
Internet access for private resources
C. Use an ELB Classic Load Balancer as the front end for the application tier, and an Amazon EC2 proxy server to
allow Internet access for private resources
D. Use an ELB Classic Load Balancer as the front end for the application tier, and a NAT Gateway to allow
Internet access for private resources
Answer: 

★Question 331
A company is designing a new application to collect data on user behavior tor analysis at a later time.
Amazon Kinesis Data Streams will be used to receive user interaction events. What should be done to ensure
the event data is retained indefinitely?
公司正在设计一个新的应用程序收集用户行为数据分析在稍后的时间。
亚马逊运动数据流将被用来接收用户交互事件
应该做些什么来保证事件数据是无限期保留
A. Configure the stream to write records to an attached Amazon EBS volume
B. Configure an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to store data on Amazon S3
C. Configure the stream data retention period to retain the data indefinitely
D. Configure an Amazon EC2 consumer to read from the data stream and store records in Amazon SQS
Answer: 

★Question 332
In Amazon EC2, while sharing an Amazon EBS snapshot, can the snapshots with AWS Marketplace product codes
be public?
在Amazon EC2,共享一个Amazon EBS快照,快照与AWS市场产品代码可以公开
A. Yes, but only for US-based providers.
B. Yes, they can be public.
C. No, they cannot be made public.
D. Yes, they are automatically made public by the system.
Answer: 

★Question 333
A photo-sharing website running on AWS allows users to generate thumbnail images of photos stored in
Amazon S3. An amazon DynamoDB Table maintains the locations of photos and thumbnails are easily recreated
from the originals it they are accidentallyHow should the thumbnail images be stored to ensure
the LOWEST cost?
一个照片分享网站运行在AWS允许用户生成缩略图的照片存储在Amazon S3。
亚马逊DynamoDB表维护的位置照片和缩略图很容易从原件重新创建它们
意外缩略图应该如何被存储,确保成本最低
A. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) with cross-region replication
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon Glacier
D. Amazon S3 with cross-region replication
Answer: 

★Question 334
In EC2, what happens to the data in an instance store if an instance reboots (either intentionally or
unintentionally)?
A. Data is deleted from the instance store for security reasons.
B. Data persists in the instance store.
C. Data is partially present in the instance store.
D. Data in the instance store will be lost.
Answer: 


★Question 335
A Solutions Architect designed a system based on Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. After the workflow was put
into production, the company noticed it performed slowly and identified Kinesis Data Streams as the
problem.One of the streams has a total of 10 Mb/s throughput.
解决方案架构师设计了一个基于亚马逊的系统运动数据流。
工作流是生产即发生管予破裂之后,该公司注意到执行缓慢,认为运动数据流问题。
一个流共有10 Mb / s的吞吐量。
What should the Solutions Architect recommend to improve performance?
A. Use AWS Lambda to preprocess the data and transform the records into a simpler format,such as
CSV.
B. Run the MergeShard command to reduce the number of shards that the consumer can more easily
process
C. Change the workflow to use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to gain a higher throughput
D. Run the UpdateShardCount command to increase the number of shards in the stream
Answer: 

★Question 336
In an experiment, if the minimum size for an Auto Scaling group is 1 instance, which of the following statements
holds true when you terminate the running instance?
A. Auto Scaling must launch a new instance to replace it.
B. Auto Scaling will raise an alarm and send a notification to the user for action.
C. Auto Scaling must configure the schedule activity that terminates the instance after 5 days.
D. Auto Scaling will terminate the experiment.
Answer: 

★Question 337
A website Keeps a record of user actions using a globally unique identifier (GUID) retrieved from Amazon
Aurora in place of the user name within the audit record. Security protocols state that the GUID content must
not leave the company's Amazon VPC.
As the web traffic has increased, the number of web servers and Aurora read replicas has also increased to
keep up with the user record reads for the GUID.
网站保持的记录用户操作使用一个全局唯一标识符(GUID)从亚马逊极光的检索用户名内部审计记录。
安全协议状态的GUID亚马逊VPC内容不得离开公司的。
随着网络流量的增加,web服务器和极光读复制的数量也增加到跟上用户记录读取GUID。
What should be done to reduce the number of read replicas required while improving performance?
A. Keep the user name and GUID in memory on the web server instance so that the association can
be remade on demand. Remove the record after 30 minutes.
B. Deploy a Amazon ElastiCache for Redis server into the infrastructure and store the user nameand GUID
there. Retrieve the GUID from ElastiCache when required
C. Encrypt the GUID using Base64 and store it in the user's session cookie. Decrypt the GUID when an
audit record is needed
D. Change the GUID to an MD5 hash of the user name, so that the value can be calculated on demand without
referring to the database
Answer: 

★Question 338
A Solutions Architect must design a solution that encrypts data in Amazon S3. Corporate policy mandates
encryption keys be generated and managed on premises. Which solution should the Architect use to meet
the security requirements?
解决方案架构师必须设计一个解决方案,在Amazon S3加密数据。
公司政策规定加密密钥生成和管理的前提。
A. AWS CloudHSM
B. SSE-KMS: Server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed keys
C. SSE-S3: Server-side encryption with Amazon-managed master key
D. SSE-C: Server-side encryption with customer-provided encryption keys
Answer: 

★Question 339
A Solutions Architect is investigating purchasing options for a batch processing application on Amazon EC2. The
batch job downloads an image trom an Amazon S3 bucket, adds copyright information and uploads it back to
Amazon S3. It normally takes 5 to 10 hours to process all the files uploaded each week. The application has builtin
capabilities to process files in parallel recover from the instance failures and continue the processing from
where it left off. What is the MOST cost-effective purchasing option the Solutions Architect can recommend?
解决方案架构师正在调查采购选项在Amazon EC2上的批处理应用程序。
批处理作业下载一个图像从一个Amazon S3 bucket,添加版权信息并上传它回到Amazon S3。
这个过程通常需要5到10小时每周上传的所有文件。
应用程序内置的功能来处理文件并行恢复实例失败,继续上次的处理
A. Standard Reserved Instances
B. Scheduled Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. On-Demand Instances
Answer: 

★Question 340
A Solutions Architect is designing an application that requires having six Amazon EC2 instances running at all
times. The application will be deployed in the sa-east-1 region, which has three Availability Zones: sa-east-1a,
sa-east-1b and sa-east-1c.
Which action will provide 100 percent fault tolerance and the LOWEST cost in the event that one Availability
Zone in the region becomes unavailable?
解决方案架构师是设计一个应用程序,需要有六个Amazon EC2实例运行在任何时候。
应用程序将被部署在sa-east-1地区,它有三个可用性区域:sa-east-1a, sa-east-1b sa-east-1c。
行动将提供100%容错和最低的成本时,该地区的一个可用性区域变得不可用
A. Deploy six Amazon EC2 instances in sa-east-la, six Amazon EC2 instances a sa-east-1b and six Amazon EC2
instances in sa-east-1c
B. Deploy six Amazon EC2 instances in sa-east-1a, four Amazon EC2 instances in sa-east-1b and two Amazon
EC2 instances in sa-east-1c
C. Deploy three Amazon EC2 instances in sa-east-1a, three Amazon EC2 instances in sa-east-1b and
three Amazon instances in sa-east-1c
D. Deploy two Amazon EC2 instances in sa-east-1a, two Amazon EC2 instances in sa-east-1b,and
two Amazon E. instances in sa-east-1c
Answer: 

★Question 341
A Solutions Architect must design a web application that will be hosted on AWS, allowing users to purchase
access to premium shared content that is stored in an S3 bucket Upon payment, content will be available for
download for 14 days before the user is denied access. Which of the following would be the LEAST complicated
implementation?
解决方案架构师必须设计一个web应用程序,它将托管在AWS,允许用户购买高级共享内容的访问存储在S3存储桶在付款时,
内容将可供下载用户被拒绝访问前14天。下面哪个是最简单的实现
A. Use an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin access identity (OAI). Configure the distribution
with an Amazon S3 origin to provide access to the file through signedURLs.
Design a Lambda function to remove data that is older than 14 days
使用一个Amazon CloudFront分布起源访问身份(OAI)。配置与一个Amazon S3起源分布通过signed URLs提供访问文件。
设计一个Lambda函数删除数据,超过14天
B. Use an S3 bucket and provide direct access to the file. Design the application to track purchases in a
DynamoDB table. Configure a Lambda function to remove data that is older than 14 days based on a query to
Amazon DynamoDB.
使用S3 bucket和提供直接访问文件。设计应用程序来跟踪aDynamoDB表中购买。
配置一个Lambda函数删除数据超过14天向amazon DynamoDB基于查询。
C. Use an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an OAI. Configure the distribution with an Amazon S3 origin
to provide access to the file through signed URLs. Design the application to set an expiration of 14 days for
the URL
使用一个Amazon CloudFront分布的OAI。配置分布与Amazon S3起源通过签署提供访问文件的url。
设计应用程序设置过期14天为URL
D. Use an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an OAI. Configure the distribution with an Amazon S3
origin to provide access to the file through signed URLs.
Design the application to set an expiration of 60 minutes for the URL, and recreate the URL as necessary
使用一个Amazon CloudFront分布的OAI。配置分布与Amazon S3起源通过签署提供访问文件的url。
设计应用程序设置过期60分钟的URL,并在必要时重新创建URL
Answer: 

★Question 342
A Solutions Architect is creating a multi-tiered architecture for an application that includes a public facing web
tier. Security requirements state that the Amazon EC2 instances running in the application tier must not be
accessible directly from the internet. What should be done to accomplish this?
解决方案架构师是为应用程序创建一个多层体系结构,包括一个公共web层。
安全需求,亚马逊的EC2实例运行在应用程序层不得我们能直接从互联网
A. Create a multi-VPC peering mesh with network access rules limiting communications to specific ports
Implement an internet gateway on each VPC for external connectivity.
B. Place all instances in a single Amazon VPC with AWS WAF as the web front-end communication
conduit. Configure a NAT gateway for external communications.
C. Use VPC peering to peer with on-premises hardware. Direct enterprise traffic through the VPC peer
connection to the instances hosted in the private VPC.
D. Deploy the web and application instances in a private subnet. Provision an Application Load Balancer in
the public subnet Install an internet gateway and use security groups to control communications between
the layers
Answer:

★Question 343
A client reports that they want see an audit log of any changes made to AWS resources in their account
What can the client do to achieve this?
客户报告说,他们希望看到一个审计日志的任何更改AWS资源帐户
A. Set up Amazon CloudWatch monitors on services they own
B. Enable AWS CloudTrail logs to be delivered to an Amazon S3 bucket
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events to parse logs
D. Use AWS OpsWorks to manage their resources
Answer: 

★Question 344
A company is launching a static website using the zone apex (mycompany com). The company wants
to use Amazon Route 53 for DNS.
公司将推出一个静态网站使用区域顶点(mycompany com)。该公司希望使用Amazon路线为DNS 53。
Which steps should the company perform to implement a scalable and cost-effective solution? (Select TWO )
A. A Host the website on an Amazon EC2 instance with ELB and Auto Scaling, and map a Route 53 alias
record to the ELB endpoint
B. Host the website using AWS Elastic Beanstalk and map a Route 53 alias record to the Beanstalk stack.
C. Host the website on an Amazon EC2 instance, and map a Route alias record to the public IP address of the
Amazon
D. Serve the website from an Amazon S3 bucket and map a Route 53 alias record to the website endpoint
E. Create a Route 53 hosted zone, and set the NS record of the domain to use Route 53 name servers.
Answer: 

★Question 345
A Solutions Architect is creating an application running in an Amazon VPC that needs to access AWS
Systems Manager Parameter Store. Network security rules prohibit any route table entry with a 0 0 0 0/0
destination. What infrastructure addition will allow access to the AWS service while meeting the
requirements?
解决方案架构师创建应用程序运行在一个需要访问的亚马逊VPC AWS系统存储管理器参数。
网络安全规则禁止任何0 0 0 0/0destination路由表条目。
A. VPC peering
B. NAT instance
C. NAT gateway
D. AWS PrivateLink
Answer: 

★Question 346
A customer has an application that is used by enterpnse customers outside of AWS. Some of these customers
use legacy firewalls that cannot whitelist by DNS name but can whitelist based only on IP address. The
application is currently deployed in two Availability Zones, with one EC2 instance in each that has Elastic IP
addresses. The customer wants to whitelist only two IP addresses, but the two existing EC2 instances cannot
sustain the amount of traffic What can a Solutions Architect do to support the customer and allow for more
capacity? (Select TWO )
一个客户有一个应用程序,它使用AWS之外enterpnse客户。
其中一些客户使用传统防火墙不能白名单的DNS名称,但白名单仅基于IP地址。
目前部署在两个应用程序可用性区域,与每一个EC2实例,弹性IP地址。
客户想要白名单只有两个IP地址,但是现有的两个EC2实例不能维持的流量
A. Create a Network Load Balancer with an interface in each subnet, and assign a static IP address to each
subnet.
B. Create additional EC2 instances and put them on standby Remap an Elastic IP address to a standby instance in
the event of a failure
C. Use Amazon Route 53 with a weighted, round-robin routing policy across the Elastic IP addresses to
resolve one at a time
D. Add additional EC2 instances with Elastic IP addresses, and register them with Amazon Route 53
E. Switch the two existing EC2 instances for an Auto Scaling group, and register them with the Network Load
Balancer
Answer: 

★Question 347
A Solutions Architect plans to migrate a load balancer tier from a data center to AWS. Several websites have
multiple domains that require secure load balancing. The Architect decides to use Elastic Load Balancing
Application Load Balancers.
解决方案架构师计划迁移一个负载均衡器层从数据中心到AWS。
一些网站有多个域,要求安全负载平衡。
架构师决定使用弹性负载平衡应用程序的负载平衡器
What is the MOST efficient method for achieving secure communication?
A. Create a wildcard certificate and upload it to the Application Load Balancer
B. Create an SNI certificate and upload it to the Application Load Balancer
C. Create a secondary proxy server to terminate SSL traffic before the traffic reaches the Application Load
Balancer
D. Let a third-party Certificate Manager manage certificates required to all domains and upload them to
the Application Load Balancer
Answer: 

★Question 348
A three-tier application is being created to host small news articles. The application is expected to serve millions
of users. When breaking news occurs, the site must handle verylarge spikes in traffic without significantly
impacting database performance. Which design meets these requirements while minimizing costs?
三层应用程序创建主机小新闻文章。应用程序将提供数以百万计的用户。
当发生突发新闻时,网站必须处理非常大的流量剧增,在不显著影响数据库性能
A. Use Auto Scaling groups to increase the number of Amazon EC2 instances delivering the web application
B. Use Auto Scaling groups to increase the size of the Amazon RDS instances delivering the database
C. Use Amazon DynamoDB strongly consistent reads to adjust for the increase in traffic
D. Use Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cache read operations to the database
Answer: 

★Question 349
A Solutions Architect is designing an application that is expected to have millions of users.
The Architect needs options to store session data.
Which option is the MOST performant
A. Amazon ElastiCache
B. Amazon RDS
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon EFS
Answer: 

★Question 350
A Solutions Architect is designing an elastic application that will have between 10 and 5O Amazon EC2
concurrent instances running dependent on load. Each instance must mount storage that will read and write
to the same 50 GB folder.
Which storage type meets the requirements?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon EFS
C. Amazon EBS volumes
D. Amazon EC2 instance store
Answer: 

★Question 351
A Solutions Architect is designing a three-tier web application that will allow customers to upload pictures
from a mobile application. The application will then generate a thumbnail of the picture and return a message
to the user confirming that the image was successfully uploaded.
Generation of the thumbnail may take up to 5 seconds. To provide a subsecond response time to the
customers uploading the images, the Solutions Architect wants to separate the web tier from the application
tier Which service would allow the presentation tier to asynchronously
dispatch the request to the application tier?
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/2363-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-topic-1/
解决方案架构师正在设计一个三层的web应用程序,它将允许客户上传图片从一个移动应用程序。
应用程序将生成一个图片的缩略图和向用户返回一个消息确认图像成功上传。
缩略图的生成可能需要5秒。提供的次秒级响应时间客户上传图片,解决方案架构师想要单独的web层从应用程序层
哪项服务将使表示层异步把请求发送到应用程序层
A. AWS Step Functions
B. AWS Lambda
C. Amazon SNS
D. Amazon SQS
Answer: 

★Question 352
An application generates Adulogs of operational activities Compliance requirements mandate that the
application retain the logs for 5 years.
How can these requirements be met?
应用程序生成Adu日志的经营活动合规需求要求5年应用保留日志。
A. A Save the logs in an Amazon S3 bucket and enable Multi-Factor Authentication Delete (MFA Delete) on
the bucket
B. Save the logs in an Amazon EFS volume and use Network File System version 4 (NFSv4) locking with the
volume
C. Save the logs in an Amazon Glacier vault and use the Vault Lock feature
D. Save the logs in an Amazon EBS volume and take monthly snapshots
Answer: 

★Question 353
Users submit requests to a service that takes several minutes to process. A Solutions Architect needs to
ensure that these requests are processed at least once, and that the service has the ability to handle large
increases in the number of requests.
用户提交的请求需要几分钟的处理过程。
解决方案架构师需要保证这些请求至少一次被处理,服务有能力处理请求数量大量增加的情况。
How should these requirements be met?
A. Put the requests into an Amazon SQS queue and configure Amazon EC2 instances to poll the queue
B. Publish the message to an Amazon SNS topic that an Amazon EC2 subscriber can receive and process
C. Save the requests to an Amazon DynamoDB table with a DynamoDB stream that triggers an Amazon
EC2 Spot Instance
D. Use Amazon S3 to store the requests and configure an event notification to have Amazon EC2 instances
process the new object
Answer: 

★Question 354
A Solutions Architect is designing an Amazon VPC that requires access to a remote API server using IPv6.
Resources within the VPC should not be accessed directly from the Internet.
How should this be achieved?
解决方案架构师是设计一个亚马逊VPC,需要访问远程API服务器使用IPv6。
资源在VPC不应该从网络上直接访问。
A. Use a NAT gateway and deny public access using security groups
B. Attach an egress-only internet gateway and update the routing tables
C. Use a NAT gateway and update the routing tables
D. Attach an internet gateway and deny public access using security groups
Answer:

★Question 355
When designing an Amazon SQS message-processing solution, messages in the queue must be processed
before the maximum retention time has elapsed.
当设计一个Amazon SQS消息处理解决方案,消息队列之前必须最大保留时间过期之前被处理。
※Amazon SQS 可见性超时
Which actions will meet this requirement? (Choose two.)
A. Use AWS STS to process the messages
B. Use Amazon EBS-optimized Amazon EC2 instances to process the messages
C. Use Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group with scaling triggered based on the queue length
D. Increase the SQS queue attribute for the message retention period
E. Convert the SQS queue to a first-in first-out (FIFO) queue
Answer: 

★Question 356
A company deployed a three-tier web application on Amazon EBS backed Amazon EC2 instances for the web
and application tiers, and Amazon RDS for the database tier. The company is concerned about loss of data in
the web and application tiers. What is the MOST efficient way to prevent data loss?
公司部署了一个三层的web应用程序在亚马逊EBS支持亚马逊EC2实例的网络和应用程序层,
数据库层和Amazon RDS。该公司担心数据丢失在网络和应用程序层
A. Create an Amazon EFS file system and run a shell script to copy the data
B. Create an Amazon EBS snapshot using an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule
C. Create an Amazon S3 snapshot policy to back up the Amazon EBS volumes
D. Create a snapshot lifecycle policy that takes periodic snapshots of the Amazon EBS volumes
Answer: 

★Question 357
A company is using Amazon S3 for backups from an on-premises environment. Regulatory
requirements state that data must be retained for at least 7 years. The data is infrequently accessed for
35 days, but needs to be instantly available. After 35 days, the data is rarely accessed
Which combination of actions will provide the MOST cost-effective solution? (Choose two)
一个公司使用Amazon S3的备份一个本地环境。监管要求,数据必须保留至少7年。
前35天数据被不经常访问,但需要立即可用。35天后,很少被访问的数据
A. Change the backup so the data goes to Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) directly
B. Create an S3 lifecycle policy that moves the data to the GLACIER storage class after 7 years
C. Change the backup so the data goes to Amazon Glacier directly
D. Create an S3 lifecycle policy that moves the data to Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
after 35 days
E. Creates an S3 lifecycle policy that moves the data to the GLACIER storage class after 35 days
Answer: 

★Question 358
A Solutions Architect is building an online shopping application where users will be able to browse
items, add items to a cart, and purchase the items. Images of items will be stored in Amazon S3
buckets organized by item category. When an item is no longer available for purchase, the item
image will be deleted from the S3 bucket.
Occasionally, during testing, item images deleted from the S3 bucket are still visible to some users.
What is a flaw in this design approach?
解决方案架构师是构建一个在线购物应用程序,用户可以浏览商品,将商品添加到购物车,购买物品。
按照项目类别被整理的物品的图片将存储在Amazon S3 bucket。
当一个项目不再是可供购买,项目的图像从S3 bucket将被删除。
偶尔,在测试过程中,从S3 bucket中删除的项目图片对一些用户仍然可见
A. Defining S3 buckets by item may cause partition distribution errors, which will impact performanc
B. Amazon S3 DELETE requests are eventually consistent, which may cause other users to view items that have
already been purchase
C. Amazon S3 DELETE requests apply a lock to the S3 bucket during the operation, causing other users to be
blocked
D. Using Amazon S3 for persistence exposes the application to a single point of failure
Answer: 

★Question 359
A Solution Architect is creating a serverless web application that must access mapping data in
hundreds of data files, each containing approximately 30 KB of data. The storage required is expected
to grow to hundreds of terabytes.
解决方案架构师正在创建一个serverless web应用程序。必须从数以百计的数据文件中访问映射数据的,
每个包含大约30 KB的数据。存储预计将增长数百T
Which storage solution is most cost-effective, yet still meets the requirements for this use case?
A. Amazon EFS                               →serverless
B. Amazon EBS Cold HDD (sc1)　　　　　　　　→hundreds of terabytes
C. Amazon S3 Standard
D. Amazon DynamoDB                          →cost-effective
Answer: 

★Question 360
An application running on AWS Lambda requires an API key to access a third-party service.
The key must be stored securely with audited access to the Lambda function only.
What is the MOST secure way to store the key?
应用程序运行在AWSLambda需要一个API key去访问第三方服务。
审计的关键必须安全地存储访问Lambda函数
A. As an object in Amazon S3
B. As a secure string in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store
C. Inside a file on an Amazon EBS volume attached to the Lambda function
D. Inside a secrets file stored on Amazon EF
Answer: 

★Question 361
An application produces monthly reports that must be immediately accessible for up to 7 days. After 7
days, the data can be archived. Compliance policies require that the archived data be retrievable within 24
hours of a request.
应用程序产生的月度报告,必须立即访问7天。7天之后,数据可以存档。
合规政策要求在24小时内可收回归档数据的请求。
What is the MOST cost-effective approach to satisfy the compliance requirement?
A. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard storage with a lifecycle rule to transition the data to Amazon S3
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 7 days, then transition to the GLACIER storage class
after 30 days
B. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard storage with a lifecycle rule to transition the data to Amazon
S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 7 days
C. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard storage with a lifecycle rule to transition the data to the GLACIER
storage class after 30 days
D. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard storage with a lifecycle rule to transition the data to the GLACIER
storage class after 7 days
Answer: 


★Question 362
A company is developing a new stateless web service with low memory requirements.
The service needs to scale based on demand.
公司正在开发一个新的内存需求较低的无状态的web服务。
服务需要基于需求的规模伸缩。
What is the MOST cost-effective solution?
A. Deploy the application onto AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B. Deploy the application onto AWS Lambda with access through Amazon API Gateway
C. Deploy the application onto an Amazon EC2 Spot Fleet
D. Deploy the application onto a container with an Amazon ECS EC2 launch type
Answer: 

★Question 363
A company has an application that generates invoices and makes the invoices available online. Invoices are
stored as PDFs in an Amazon S3 bucket. Customers typically only view each invoice during the month it is
issued. However, past invoices need to be immediately available. There are concerns over rising storage costs
as the company gains more customers.
一个公司有一个应用程序,该应用程序生成发票和发票网上。
发票作为pdf文档存储在Amazon S3 bucket。
客户通常只查看每个发票当月发布。然而,过去的发票需要立即。
有担忧存储成本上升为公司获得更多的客户。
What is the MOST cost-effective method to store the data?
A. Use Amazon S3 for current invoices. Set up lifecycle rules to migrate invoices to the GLACIER storage class
after 30 days.
B. Store the invoices as text files. Use Amazon CloudFront to convert the invoices from text to PDF when
customers download invoices.
C. Store the invoices as binaries in an Amazon RDS database instance. Retrieve them from the database when
customers request invoices.
D. Use Amazon S3 for current invoices. Set up lifecycle rules to migrate invoices to Amazon S3
Standard- Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days.
Answer: 

★Question 364
A company is running its application in a single region on Amazon EC2 with Amazon EBS and Amazon
S3 part of the storage design.
一个公司在Amazon EC2上运行的应用程序在一个地区与亚马逊EBS和AmazonS3存储设计的一部分。
https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/2519-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-topic-1/
What should be done to reduce data transfer costs?
A. Create a copy of the compute environment in another region
B. Convert the application to run on Lambda@Edge
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with Amazon S3 as the origin
D. Replicate Amazon S3 data to buckets in regions closer to the requester
Answer: 

如果您的用户频繁访问您的对象（因为在使用量较大的情况下，CloudFront 数据传输价格低于 Amazon S3 数据传输价格），
则使用 CloudFront 可能会更经济高效。此外，使用 CloudFront 时下载速度也比仅使用 Amazon S3 时更快，
因为您的对象存储在离您用户更近的位置。

★Question 365
An application server needs to be in a private subnet without access to the Internet. The solution must
retrieve and upload files to an Amazon S3 bucket.
应用程序服务器需要在一个私有子网没有访问互联网。
解决方案必须检索和上传文件到一个Amazon S3 bucket。
How should a Solutions Architect design a solution to meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon S3 VPC endpoints
B. Deploy a proxy server
C. Use a NAT Gateway
D. Use a private Amazon S3 bucket
Answer: 

★Question 366
You are setting up a VPC and you need to set up a public subnet within that VPC. Which following requirement
must be met for this subnet to be considered a public subnet?
你设置一个VPC,您需要设置一个公共VPC的子网内。
这对这个子网必须满足以下要求被认为是公共子网
A. Subnet's traffic is not routed to an internet gateway but has its traffic routed to a virtual private gateway.
B. Subnet's traffic is routed to an internet gateway.
C. Subnet's traffic is not routed to an internet gateway.
D. None of these answers can be considered a public subnet.
Answer: 


★Question 367
Can you specify the security group that you created for a VPC when you launch an instance in EC2-Classic?
你可以指定创建的安全组在EC2-Classic VPC当您启动一个实例呢
A. No, you can specify the security group created for EC2-Classic when you launch a VPC instance.
B. No
C. Yes
D. No, you can specify the security group created for EC2-Classic to a non-VPC based instance only.
Answer: 

如果要使用 EC2-Classic，则必须使用为 EC2-Classic 专门创建的安全组。当您在 EC2-Classic 中启动实例
时，您必须在实例所在的相同区域指定一个安全组。在 EC2-Classic 中启动实例时，您无法指定为 VPC 创
建的安全组。（EC2白皮书 “EC2-Classic 安全组”）


★Question 368
An application stores data in an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. The database traffic primarily consists of
read queries, which are overwhelming the current database. A Solutions Architect wants to scale the
database.
一个应用程序将数据存储在一个Amazon RDS MySQL数据库实例。
数据库流量主要由阅读查询,这是当前数据库
What combination of steps will achieve the goal? (Choose two.)
A. Add the MySQL database instances to an Auto Scaling group
B. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon Aurora
C. Migrate the MySQL database to a PostgreSQL database
D. Create read replicas in different Availability Zones
E. Create an ELB Application Load Balancer
Answer: 

★Question 369
You have just been given a scope for a new client who has an enormous amount of data(petabytes) that he
constantly needs analysed.
Currently he is paying a huge amount of money for a data warehousing company to do this for him and is
wondering if AWS can provide a cheaper solution. Do you think AWS has a solution for this?
刚刚给你一个范围的新客户(pb)的数据量巨大,他不断的需求分析。
现支付一大笔钱为数据仓库公司为他这样做,是想知道AWS可以提供更便宜的解决方案
A. Yes. Amazon SimpleDB
B. No. Not presently
C. Yes. Amazon Redshift
D. Yes. Your choice of relational AMIs on Amazon EC2 and EBS
Answer: 

★Question 370
While using the EC2 GET requests as URLs, the _____ is the URL that serves as the entry point
for the web service.
A. token
B. endpoint
C. action
D. None of these
Answer: 

★Question 371
You have been asked to build a database warehouse using Amazon Redshift. You know a little about it, including
that it is a SQL data warehouse solution, and uses industry standard ODBC and JDBC connections and
PostgreSQL drivers. However you are not sure about what sort of storage it uses for database tables. What sort of
storage does Amazon Redshift use for database tables?
你被要求建立一个数据库仓库使用亚马逊Redshift。
你知道一些关于它,包括SQL数据仓库解决方案,并使用行业标准ODBC、JDBC连接和PostgreSQL驱动程序。
但是你不确定它为数据库表使用什么样的存储(Redshift白皮书“列式存储”)
A. InnoDB Tables
B. NDB data storage
C. Columnar data storage
D. NDB CLUSTER Storage
Answer: 

★Question 372
You are checking the workload on some of your General Purpose (SSD) and Provisioned IOPS (SSD) volumes and
it seems that the I/O latency is higher than you require. You should probably check the _____________ to make sure
that your application is not trying to drive more IOPS than you have provisioned.
你检查你的工作负载在一些通用(SSD)和供应IOPS (SSD)卷,它似乎I / O延迟比你更高的要求。
你应该检查_________________来确定您的应用程序不是IOPS试图将超过供应。（EC2白皮书 “I/O 特征和监控”）
A. Amount of IOPS that are available
B. Acknowledgement from the storage subsystem
C. Average queue length
D. Time it takes for the I/O operation to complete
Answer: 

★Question 373
A company is storing application data in Amazon S3 buckets across multiple AWS regions. Company
policy requires that encryption keys be generated at the company headquarters, but the encryption keys
may be stored in AWS after generation. The Solutions Architect plans to configure cross-region
replication.
公司将应用程序数据存储在Amazon S3 bucket跨多个AWS地区。
公司政策要求加密密钥生成在公司总部,但是加密密钥可能存储在AWS上。
解决方案架构师计划配置区域复制
Which solution will encrypt the data whole requiring the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
A. Configure the applications to write to an S3 bucket using client-side encryption
B. Configure S3 buckets to encrypt using AES-256
C. Configure S3 object encryption using AWS CLI with Server-Side Encryption with AWS KMS-Managed
Keys (SSE-KMS)
D. Configure S3 buckets to use Server-Side Encryption with AWS KMS-Managed Keys (SSE-KMS) with
imported key material in both regions
Answer: 

★Question 374
Which of the below mentioned options is not available when an instance is launched by Auto Scaling with EC2
Classic?
A. Public IP
B. Elastic IP
C. Private DNS
D. Private IP
Answer: 

★Question 375
You have been given a scope to deploy some AWS infrastructure for a large organisation. The requirements are
that you will have a lot of EC2 instances but may need to add more when the average utilization of your
Amazon EC2 fleet is high and conversely remove them when CPU utilization is low. Which AWS services would
be best to use to accomplish this?
已经给你一个范围部署一些AWS基础设施对于大型组织。
需求条件你会有很多的EC2实例,但可能需要添加更多当你的Amazon EC2舰队的平均利用率高,
反之删除它们当CPU利用率很低
A. Auto Scaling, Amazon CloudWatch and AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B. Auto Scaling, Amazon CloudWatch and Elastic Load Balancing.
C. Amazon CloudFront, Amazon CloudWatch and Elastic Load Balancing.
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk , Amazon CloudWatch and Elastic Load Balancing.
Answer: 

★Question 376
You need to set up a complex network infrastructure for your organization that will be reasonably easy to deploy,
replicate, control, and track changes on. Which AWS service would be best to use to help you accomplish this?
你需要设置一个复杂的网络基础设施为您的组织将会相当容易部署,复制,控制和跟踪变化。
最好使用AWS服务来帮助你完成这个吗
A.AWS Import/Export
B.AWS CloudFormation
C.Amazon Route 53
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: 

★Question 377
In Amazon RDS, security groups are ideally used to:
在Amazon RDS,安全组是最理想的
A. Define maintenance period for database engines
B. Launch Amazon RDS instances in a subnet
C. Create, describe, modify, and delete DB instances
D. Control what IP addresses or EC2 instances can connect to your databases on a DB instance
Answer: 

★Question 378
You are building infrastructure for a data warehousing solution and an extra request has comethrough that there
will be a lot of business reporting queries running all the time and you are not sure if your current DB instance
will be able to handle it. What would be the best solution for this?
你正在基础设施建设数据仓库解决方案。一个额外的请求已经通过,将会有很多一直运行的业务报告查询
你不确定如果你当前的数据库实例将能够处理它
A. DB Parameter Groups
B. Read Replicas
C. Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment
D. Database Snapshots
Answer: 

★Question 379
In DynamoDB, could you use IAM to grant access to Amazon DynamoDB resources and API actions?
A. In DynamoDB there is no need to grant access
B. Depended to the type of access
C. No
D. Yes
Answer: 

★Question 380
A Solutions Architect is designing a multi-tier application consisting of an Application Load
Balancer, an Amazon RDS database instance, and an Auto Scaling group on Amazon EC2 instances.
Each tier is in a separate subnet. There are some EC2 instances in the subnet that belong to
another application. The RDS database instance should accept traffic only from the EC2 instances
in the Auto Scaling group.
解决方案架构师设计组成的多层应用程序是一个应用程序负载均衡器,Amazon RDS数据库实例,
和自动伸缩功能组在Amazon EC2实例。每一层是在一个单独的子网。
有一些EC2实例的子网就属于另外的应用程序。
RDS数据库实例只应该接受交通EC2实例的自动伸缩功能组
What should be done to meet these requirements?
A. Configure the inbound network ACLs on the database subnet to accept traffic from the IP
addresses of the EC2 instances only.
B. Configure the inbound rules on the security group associated with the RDS database instance.
Set the source to the security group associated with instances in the Auto Scaling group.
C. Configure the outbound rules on the security group associated with the Auto Scaling group.
Set the destination to the security group associated with the RDS database instance.
D. Configure the inbound network ACLs on the database subnet to accept traffic only from the
CIDR range of the subnet used by the Auto Scaling group.
Answer: 

★Question 381
An organization uses Amazon S3 to store video content served via its website. It only has rights to
deliver this content to users within its own country and needs to restrict access.
How can the organization ensure that these files are only accessible from within its country?
一个组织使用Amazon S3存储视频内容通过其网站。
它只有权利创造这个内容给用户在自己的国家,需要限制。
组织如何确保这些文件只是从在其访问的国家呢（CloudFront白皮书“限制您的内容的地理分配”）
A. Use a custom Amazon S3 bucket policy to allow access only to users inside the organization's
country
B. Use Amazon CloudFront and Geo Restriction to allow access only to users inside the organization's country
C. Use an Amazon S3 bucket ACL to allow access only to users inside the organization's country
D. Use file-based ACL permissions on each video file to allow access only to users inside the organization's
country
Answer: 

★Question 382
A company is storing data in an Amazon DynamoDB table and needs to take daily backups and retain
them for 6 months.
公司将数据存储在一个Amazon DynamoDB表和需要日常备份和保留6个月
How should the Solutions Architect meet these requirements without impacting the production
workload?
解决方案架构师应该如何满足这些需求而不影响生产工作负载
A. Use DynamoDB replication and restore the table from the replica
B. Use AWS Data Pipeline and create a scheduled job to back up the DynamoDB table daily
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events to trigger an AWS Lambda function that makes an on-demand backup
of the table
D. Use AWS Batch to create a scheduled backup with the default template, then back up to Amazon S3
daily
Answer: 

★Question 383
Much of your company's data does not need to be accessed often, and can take several hours for retrieval time, so
it's stored on Amazon Glacier. However someone within your organization has expressed concerns that his data is
more sensitive than the other data, and is wondering whether the high level of encryption that he knows is on S3 is
also used on the much cheaper Glacier service. Which of the following statements would be most applicable in
regards to this concern?
贵公司的数据不需要经常访问,和检索时间可能需要几个小时,所以存储在Amazon的Glacier。
然而有人组织内表达了担忧,他的数据比其他数据,更敏感,怀疑Glacier是否也像S3一样有高水平的加密
A. There is no encryption on Amazon Glacier, that's why it is cheaper.
B. Amazon Glacier automatically encrypts the data using AES-128 a lesser encryption method than Amazon S3 but
you can change it to AES-256 if you are willing to pay more.
C. Amazon Glacier automatically encrypts the data using AES-256, the same as Amazon S3.
D. Amazon Glacier automatically encrypts the data using AES-128 a lesser encryption method than Amazon S3.
Answer: 

★Question 384
An application running in a private subnet accesses an Amazon DynamoDB table.
There is a security requirement that the data never leave the AWS network.
How should this requirement be met?
运行在一个私有子网的应用程序访问亚马逊DynamoDB表。
有一个安全要求数据不能离开AWS的网络
A. Configure a network ACL on DynamoDB to limit traffic to the private subnet
B. Enable DynamoDB encryption at rest using an AWS KMS key
C. Add a NAT gateway and configure the route table on the private subnet
D. Create a VPC endpoint for DynamoDB and configure the endpoint policy
Answer: 

★Question 385
Your EBS volumes do not seem to be performing as expected and your team leader has requested you look into
improving their performance. Which of the following is not a true statement relating to the performance of your EBS
volumes?
EBS卷似乎并没有像预期的那样性能表现。团队领导要求你改善他们的性能。
下列哪个不是一个真实的陈述与EBS卷的性能相关的因素。（白皮书 “可能降低 HDD 性能的因素”）
A. Frequent snapshots provide a higher level of data durability and they will not degrade the performance of your
application while the snapshot is in progress.
 频繁的快照提供更高级别的数据持久性，利用他们不会降低应用程序的性能。即便当快照正在制作
B. General Purpose (SSD) and Provisioned IOPS (SSD) volumes have a throughput limit of 128 MB/s per volume.
C. There is a relationship between the maximum performance of your EBS volumes, the amount of I/O you are driving
to them, and the amount of time it takes for each transaction to complete.
  有一个EBS卷的最大性能之间的关系,大量的I / O开车,和需要为每笔交易的时间完成
D. There is a 5 to 50 percent reduction in IOPS when you first access each block of data on a newly created or
restored EBS volume
Answer: 

★Question 386
During a review of business applications, a Solutions Architect identifies a critical application with a
relational database that was built by a business user and is running on the user's desktop. To reduce
the risk of a business interruption, the Solutions Architect wants to migrate the application to a highly
available, multi-tiered solution in AWS.
在评审业务应用程序,解决方案架构师与are 关系型数据库识别关键的应用程序是由业务用户和运行在用户的桌面。
流程再造业务中断的风险,解决方案架构师想要将应用程序迁移到一个高度可用的,多层次的解决方案在AWS。

What should the Solutions Architect do to accomplish this with the LEAST amount of disruption to the
business?
A. Create an import package of the application code for upload to AWS Lambda, and include a
function to create another Lambda function to migrate data into an Amazon RDS database
B. Create an image of the user's desktop, migrate it to Amazon EC2 using VM Import, and place
the EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group
C. Pre-stage new Amazon EC2 instances running the application code on AWS behind an
Application Load Balancer and an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance
D. Use AWS DMS to migrate the backend database to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance.
Migrate the application code to AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Answer: 

★Question 387
A company has thousands of files stored in an Amazon S3 bucket that has a well-defined access pattern. The
files are accessed by an application multiple times a day for the first 30 days. Files are rarely accessed within the
next 90 days. After that, the files are never accessed again. During the first 120 days, accessing these files should
never take more than a few seconds.
公司拥有成千上万的文件存储在Amazon S3 bucket,定义良好的访问模式。
多次访问的文件由应用程序在第一天30天。很少访问文件在接下来的90天。
在那之后,文件不会再访问。在第一个120天,访问这些文件不应该超过几秒钟
Which lifecycle policy should be used for the S3 objects to minimize costs based on the access
pattern?
A. Use Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage for the first 30 days. Then move
the files to the GLACIER storage class for the next 90 days. Allow the data to expire after that.
B. Use Amazon S3 Standard storage for the first 30 days. Then move the files to Amazon S3 Standard-
Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) for the next 90 days. Allow the data to expire after that.
C. Use Amazon S3 Standard storage for first 30 days. Then move the files to the GLACIER storage class
for the next 90 days. Allow the data to expire after that.
D. Use Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) for the first 30 days. After that, move
the data to the GLACIER storage class, where is will be deleted automatically.
Answer: 

★Question 388
A company creates business-critical 3D images every night. The images are batch-processed every
Friday and require an uninterrupted 48 hours to complete.
每天晚上公司创建业务关键型3 d图像。
图像是batch-processed每周五和需要一个不间断的48小时内完成
What is the MOST cost-effective Amazon EC2 pricing model for this scenario?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Scheduled Reserved Instances
C. Reserved Instances
D. Spot Instances
Answer: 

★Question 389
A major finance organisation has engaged your company to set up a large data mining application. Using AWS
you decide the best service for this is Amazon Elastic MapReduce(EMR) which you know uses Hadoop. Which of
the following statements best describes Hadoop?
A. Hadoop is 3rd Party software which can be installed using AMI
B. Hadoop is an open source python web framework
C. Hadoop is an open source Java software framework
D. Hadoop is an open source javascript framework
Answer: 

★Question 390
You've created your first load balancer and have registered your EC2 instances with the load balancer. Elastic Load
Balancing routinely performs health checks on all the registered EC2 instances and automatically distributes all
incoming requests to the DNS name of your load balancer across your registered, healthy EC2 instances. By default,
the load balancer uses the ___ protocol for checking the health of your instances.
您创建了您的第一个负载均衡器和注册你的EC2实例的负载均衡器。
弹性负载平衡所有注册EC2实例上定期进行健康检查,
并自动将所有传入的请求分发到负载均衡器的DNS名称在你注册,健康的EC2实例
A. HTTPS
B. HTTP
C. ICMP
D. IPv6
Answer: 

★Question 391
____________ is a fast, flexible, fully managed push messaging service.
A. Amazon SNS
B. Amazon SES
C. Amazon SQS
D. Amazon FPS
Answer: 

★Question 392
As AWS grows, most of your clients' main concerns seem to be about security, especially when all of their
competitors also seem to be
using AWS. One of your clients asks you whether having a competitor who hosts their EC2 instances on the same
physical host would
make it easier for the competitor to hack into the client's data. Which of the following statements would be the best
choice to put your
client's mind at rest?
随着AWS,大部分客户的主要似乎对安全的担忧,尤其是当他们所有的竞争对手似乎也使用AWS。
你的一个客户问你是否有一个竞争对手他们主机EC2实例相同的物理主机上使竞争者更容易侵入客户的数据
A. Different instances running on the same physical machine are isolated from each other via a 256-bit Advanced
Encryption Standard (AES-256).
B. Different instances running on the same physical machine are isolated from each other via the Xen hypervisor and
via a 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256).
C. Different instances running on the same physical machine are isolated from each other via the Xen hypervisor.
D. Different instances running on the same physical machine are isolated from each other via IAM permissions.
Answer: 


★Question 393
A company is implementing a data lake solution on Amazon S3. Its security policy mandates that the data stored in
Amazon S3 should be
encrypted at rest. Which options can achieve this? (Select TWO.)
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingEncryption.html
一个公司正在实施一项数据湖在Amazon S3上的解决方案。
其安全政策要求的数据存储在Amazon S3应该加密
A. Use S3 server-side encryption with an Amazon EC2 key pair.
B. Use S3 server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C).
C. Use S3 bucket policies to restrict access to the data at rest.
D. Use client-side encryption before ingesting the data to Amazon S3 using encryption keys.
E. Use SSL to encrypt the data while in transit to Amazon S3.
Answer: 

★Question 394
You are trying to launch an EC2 instance, however the instance seems to go into a terminated status immediately.
What would probably
not be a reason that this is happening?
A. The AMI is missing a required part.
B. The snapshot is corrupt.
C. You need to create storage in EBS first.
D. You've reached your volume limit.
Answer: 

★Question 395
You have set up an Auto Scaling group. The cool down period for the Auto Scaling group is 7 minutes. The first
instance is launched after
3 minutes, while the second instance is launched after 4 minutes. How many minutes after the first instance is
launched will Auto Scaling
accept another scaling activity request?
你有设置一个自动伸缩功能组。自动伸缩功能组的冷却时间是7分钟。
第一个实例启动后3分钟,而第二个实例启动后4分钟。多少分钟后第一个实例启动自动伸缩功能会
接受另一个扩展活动请求吗
A. 11 minutes
B.  7 minutes
C. 10 minutes
D. 14 minutes
Answer: 

★Question 396
In Amazon EC2 Container Service components, what is the name of a logical grouping of container instances on
which you can place
tasks?
在Amazon EC2服务组件容器,容器实例的逻辑分组的名称,您可以将任务
A. A cluster
B. A container instance
C. A container
D. A task definition
Answer: 

★Question 397
In the context of AWS support, why must an EC2 instance be unreachable for 20 minutes rather than allowing
customers to open tickets
immediately?
在AWS支持的背景下,为什么一个EC2实例必须不可到达20分钟,而不是让客户立即开放门票
A. Because most reachability issues are resolved by automated processes in less than 20 minutes
B. Because all EC2 instances are unreachable for 20 minutes every day when AWS does routine maintenance
C. Because all EC2 instances are unreachable for 20 minutes when first launched
D. Because of all the reasons listed here
Answer: 

★Question 398
Can a user get a notification of each instance start / terminate configured with Auto Scaling?
用户可以通知每个实例启动/解除配置了自动伸缩功能
A. Yes, if configured with the Launch Config
B. Yes, always
C. Yes, if configured with the Auto Scaling group
D. No
Answer: 

★Question 399
Amazon EBS provides the ability to create backups of any Amazon EC2 volume into what is
known as _____.
A. snapshots
B. images
C. instance backups
D. Mirrors
Answer: 

★Question 400
To specify a resource in a policy statement, in Amazon EC2, can you use its Amazon Resource Name (ARN)?
指定一个资源在一份政策声明中,在Amazon EC2,你能使用它的亚马逊资源名(ARN)
A. Yes, you can.
B. No, you can't because EC2 is not related to ARN.
C. No, you can't because you can't specify a particular Amazon EC2 resource in an IAM policy.
D. Yes, you can but only for the resources that are not affected by the action.
Answer: 

★Question 401
After you recommend Amazon Redshift to a client as an alternative solution to paying data warehouses to analyze his
data, your client asks you to explain why you are recommending Redshift. Which of the following would be a
reasonable response to his request?
后向客户推荐亚马逊Redshift作为替代解决支付数据仓库分析他的数据,你的客户要求你解释为什么你推荐Redshift
A. It has high performance at scale as data and query complexity grows.
B. It prevents reporting and analytic processing from interfering with the performance of OLTP workloads.
C. You don't have the administrative burden of running your own data warehouse and dealing with setup, durability,
monitoring, scaling, and patching.
D. All answers listed are a reasonable response to his Question
Answer: 

★Question 402
One of the criteria for a new deployment is that the customer wants to use AWS Storage Gateway. However you are
not sure whether you should use gateway-cached volumes or gateway-stored volumes or even what the differences
are. Which statement below best describes those differences?
新部署的标准之一就是客户想使用AWS存储网关。
但是你不确定是否应该使用gateway-cached卷或gateway-stored卷,甚至差异是什么。
下面的语句最好的描述了这些差异
A. Gateway-cached lets you store your data in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) and retain a copy of
frequently accessed data subsets locally. Gateway-stored enables you to configure your on-premises gateway to
store all your data locally and then asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots of this data to Amazon S3.
B. Gateway-cached is free whilst gateway-stored is not.
C. Gateway-cached is up to 10 times faster than gateway-stored.
D. Gateway-stored lets you store your data in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) and retain a copy of
frequently accessed data subsets locally. Gateway-cached enables you to configure your on-premises gateway to
store all your data locally and then asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots of this data to Amazon S3
Answer: 

★Question 403
A user is launching an EC2 instance in the US East region. Which of the below mentioned options is recommended by
AWS with respect
to the selection of the availability zone?
A. Always select the AZ while launching an instance
B. Always select the US-East-1-a zone for HA
C. Do not select the AZ; instead let AWS select the AZ
D. The user can never select the availability zone while launching an instance
Answer: 

★Question 404
A user is storing a large number of objects on AWS S3. The user wants to implement the search functionality among
the objects. How can the user achieve this?
用户在AWS S3存储大量的对象。用户想要实现搜索功能在对象。
A. Use the indexing feature of S3.
B. Tag the objects with the metadata to search on that.
C. Use the query functionality of S3.
D. Make your own DB system which stores the S3 metadata for the search functionality.
Answer: 

★Question 405
After setting up a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network, a more experienced cloud engineer suggests that to achieve
low network latency and high network throughput you should look into setting up a placement group. You know
nothing about this, but begin to do some research about it and are especially curious about its limitations. Which of
the below statements is wrong in describing the limitations of a placement group?
设置一个虚拟私有云(VPC)网络,云更有经验的工程师表明,实现网络延迟低,网络吞吐量高你应该考虑建立一个放置组。
你一点都不了解这一点,但开始做一些研究,尤其好奇它的局限性。
这在下面语句是错误的描述的局限性放置组吗
A. Although launching multiple instance types into a placement group is possible, this reduces the likelihood that the
required capacity will be available for your launch to succeed.
B. A placement group can span multiple Availability Zones.
C. You can't move an existing instance into a placement group.
D. A placement group can span peered VPCs
Answer: 

★Question 406
What is a placement group in Amazon EC2?
A. It is a group of EC2 instances within a single Availability Zone.
B. It the edge location of your web content.
C. It is the AWS region where you run the EC2 instance of your web content.
D. It is a group used to span multiple Availability Zones.
Answer: 

★Question 407
You are migrating an internal server on your DC to an EC2 instance with EBS volume. Your server disk usage is around
500GB so you just copied all your data to a 2TB disk to be used with AWS Import/Export. Where will the data be
imported once it arrives at Amazon?
A. to a 2TB EBS volume
B. to an S3 bucket with 2 objects of 1TB
C. to an 500GB EBS volume
D. to an S3 bucket as a 2TB snapshot
Answer: 

★Question 408
A client needs you to import some existing infrastructure from a dedicated hosting provider to AWS to try and save
on the cost of running his current website. He also needs an automated process that manages backups, software
patching, automatic failure detection, and recovery. You are aware that his existing set up currently uses an Oracle
database. Which of the following AWS databases would be best for accomplishing this task?
客户需要进口一些现有基础设施从一个专门的托管提供商到AWS试图节省运行成本的他目前的网站。
他也需要一个自动化的过程,管理备份,软件打补丁,自动故障检测和恢复。你知道他的现有设置目前使用Oracle数据库
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon SimpleDB
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: 

★Question 409
True or false: A VPC contains multiple subnets, where each subnet can span multiple Availability Zones.
A. This is true only if requested during the set-up of VPC.
B. This is true.
C. This is false.
D. This is true only for US regions.
Answer: 

★Question 410
An edge location refers to which Amazon Web Service?
A. An edge location is refered to the network configured within a Zone or Region
B. An edge location is an AWS Region
C. An edge location is the location of the data center used for Amazon CloudFront.
D. An edge location is a Zone within an AWS Region
Answer: 

★Question 411
You are looking at ways to improve some existing infrastructure as it seems a lot of engineering resources are being
taken up with basic management and monitoring tasks and the costs seem to be excessive. You are thinking of
deploying Amazon ElasticCache to help.
你看如何改善一些现有基础设施似乎很多工程资源都被基本的管理和监控任务和成本似乎过度。
你想部署亚马逊ElasticCache帮助
Which of the following statements is true in regards to ElasticCache?
A. You can improve load and response times to user actions and queries however the cost associated with scaling
web applications will be more.
B. You can't improve load and response times to user actions and queries but you can reduce the cost associated
with scaling web applications.
C. You can improve load and response times to user actions and queries however the cost associated with scaling
web applications will remain the same.
D. You can improve load and response times to user actions and queries and also reduce the cost associated with
scaling web applications.
Answer: 

★Question 412
Do Amazon EBS volumes persist independently from the running life of an Amazon EC2 instance?
做亚马逊EBS卷存在独立于一个Amazon EC2实例的运行寿命的
A. Yes, they do but only if they are detached from the instance.
B. No, you cannot attach EBS volumes to an instance.
C. No, they are dependent.
D. Yes, they do.
Answer: 

★Question 413
Your supervisor has asked you to build a simple file synchronization service for your department. He doesn't want to
spend too much money and he wants to be notified of any changes to files by email. What do you think would be the
best Amazon service to use for the email solution?
你的上司要求你为你的部门构建一个简单的文件同步服务。
他不想花太多的钱,他想通过电子邮件通知任何更改文件

A. Amazon SES
B. Amazon CloudSearch
C. Amazon SWF
D. Amazon AppStream
Answer: 

★Question 414
Does DynamoDB support in-place atomic updates?
A. Yes
B. No
C. It does support in-place non-atomic updates
D. It is not defined
Answer: 

★Question 415
Your manager has just given you access to multiple VPN connections that someone else has recently set up between
all your company's offices. She needs you to make sure that the communication between the VPNs is secure. Which
of the following services would be best for providing a low-cost hub-and-spoke model for primary or backup
connectivity between these remote offices?
你的经理刚刚给你访问多个VPN连接别人最近之间建立贵公司的办公室。
她需要你去确保vpn之间的通信是安全的。
下面哪个服务最好提供一个低成本的星型模型为主要或备份这些远程办公室之间的连接吗
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS CloudHSM
D. AWS VPN CloudHub
Answer: 

★Question 416
Amazon EC2 provides a ____. It is an HTTP or HTTPS request that uses the HTTP verbs GET or POST.
A. web database
B. .net framework
C. Query API
D. C library
Answer: 

★Question 417
In Amazon AWS, which of the following statements is true of key pairs?
A. Key pairs are used only for Amazon SDKs.
B. Key pairs are used only for Amazon EC2 and Amazon CloudFront.
C. Key pairs are used only for Elastic Load Balancing and AWS IAM.
D. Key pairs are used for all Amazon services.
Answer: 

★Question 418
Does Amazon DynamoDB support both increment and decrement atomic operations?
A. Only increment, since decrement are inherently impossible with DynamoDB's data model.
B. No, neither increment nor decrement operations.
C. Yes, both increment and decrement operations.
D. Only decrement, since increment are inherently impossible with DynamoDB's data model.
Answer: 

★Question 419
An organization has three separate AWS accounts, one each for development, testing, and production. The
organization wants the
testing team to have access to certain AWS resources in the production account. How can the organization achieve
this?
一个组织有三个单独的AWS帐户,分别开发、测试和生产。
组织想要测试团队访问某些AWS资源生产账户
A. It is not possible to access resources of one account with another account.
B. Create the IAM roles with cross account access.
C. Create the IAM user in a test account, and allow it access to the production environment with the IAM policy.
D. Create the IAM users with cross account access.
Answer: 

★Question 420
You need to import several hundred megabytes of data from a local Oracle database to an Amazon RDS DB instance.
What does AWS
recommend you use to accomplish this?
A. Oracle export/import utilities
B. Oracle SQL Developer
C. Oracle Data Pump
D. DBMS_FILE_TRANSFER
Answer: 

★Question 421
A user has created an EBS volume with 1000 IOPS. What is the average IOPS that the user will get for most of the
year as per EC2 SLA if the instance is attached to the EBS optimized instance?
用户创建了一个EBS卷1000 IOPS。
平均IOPS,用户会在一年的大多数时间根据SLA EC2实例是否附着在EBS优化实例
A. 950
B. 990
C. 1000
D. 900
Answer: 

★Question 422
You need to migrate a large amount of data into the cloud that you have stored on a hard disk and you decide that
the best way to accomplish this is with AWS Import/Export and you mail the hard disk to AWS. Which of the
following statements is incorrect in regards
to AWS Import/Export?
A. It can export from Amazon S3
B. It can Import to Amazon Glacier
C. It can export from Amazon Glacier.
D. It can Import to Amazon EBS
Answer: 

★Question 423
You are in the process of creating a Route 53 DNS failover to direct traffic to two EC2 zones. Obviously, if one fails,
you would like Route 53 to direct traffic to the other region. Each region has an ELB with some instances being
distributed. What is the best way for you to configure the Route 53 health check?
你创建一个路线的过程中53个DNS故障转移到直接流量两个EC2区域。
很明显,如果一个人失败了,你会像53直接流量路由到其他地区。
每个地区都有一个ELB分发一些实例
A. Route 53 doesn't support ELB with an internal health check.You need to create your own Route 53 health check of
the ELB
B. Route 53 natively supports ELB with an internal health check. Turn "Evaluate target health" off and "Associate with
Health Check" on and R53 will use the ELB's internal health check.
C. Route 53 doesn't support ELB with an internal health check. You need to associate your resource record set for the
ELB with your own health check
D. Route 53 natively supports ELB with an internal health check. Turn "Evaluate target health" on and "Associate with
Health Check" off and R53 will use the ELB's internal health check.
Answer: 

★Question 424
A user wants to use an EBS-backed Amazon EC2 instance for a temporary job. Based on the input data, the job is
most likely to finish within a week. Which of the following steps should be followed to terminate the instance
automatically once the job is finished?
用户想要使用一个临时工作EBS-backed Amazon EC2实例。根据输入数据,工作是最有可能在一周内完成
A. Configure the EC2 instance with a stop instance to terminate it.
B. Configure the EC2 instance with ELB to terminate the instance when it remains idle.
C. Configure the CloudWatch alarm on the instance that should perform the termination action once
the instance is idle.
D. Configure the Auto Scaling schedule activity that terminates the instance after 7 days.
Answer: 

★Question 425
Which of the following is true of Amazon EC2 security group?
A. You can modify the outbound rules for EC2-Classic.
B. You can modify the rules for a security group only if the security group controls the traffic for just one instance.
C. You can modify the rules for a security group only when a new instance is created.
D. You can modify the rules for a security group at any time.
Answer: 

★Question 426
An Elastic IP address (EIP) is a static IP address designed for dynamic cloud computing. With an EIP, you can mask the
failure of an instance or software by rapidly remapping the address to another instance in your account. Your EIP is
associated with your AWSaccount, not a particular EC2 instance, and it remains associated with your account until
you choose to explicitly release it. By default how many EIPs is each AWS account limited to on a per region basis?
A. 1
B. 5
C. Unlimited
D. 10
Answer: 

★Question 427
In Amazon EC2, partial instance-hours are billed _____.
A. per second used in the hour
B. per minute used
C. by combining partial segments into full hours
D. as full hours
Answer: 
