★Question 6
Your Amazon EC2 instances must access the AWS API, so you created a NAT gateway in an existing subnet.
When you try to access the AWS API, you are unsuccessful. 
What could be preventing access?
您的Amazon EC2实例必须访问AWS API，因此您在一个现有子网中创建了一个NAT网关。
当您尝试访问AWS API时，您将失败。
是什么阻止了访问?

A. The NAT gateway subnet does not have a route to an Internet gateway. 到internet没有路由
B. The instances need an IAM granting access to the NAT gateway.  没有权限
C. The NAT gateway does not have a route to the virtual private gateway. 到私有子网没有的路由
D. The instances are not in the same subnet as the NAT gateway.
Answer: NAT gateway 需要放到共有子网、弹性ip地址、路由表

★Question 25
Which security functions are based on AWS STS? (Select TWO.)
哪些安全功能是基于AWS STS的?(选择两个。)
A. Using IAM roles with Amazon EC2 instances
B. Adding conditions to managed policies
C. Using access keys to authenticate IAM users
D. Using web federated identity to authenticate users
E. Assigning managed policies to IAM groups
Answer:AD
问题：STS定义

★Question 27
Your organization is looking for a solution that can help the business with streaming data. Several
services will require access to read and process the same stream concurrently.
What AWS service meets the business requirements?
您的组织正在寻找一种解决方案，以帮助企业处理流数据。
多个服务将需要访问来同时读取和处理同一个流。
什么AWS服务满足业务需求?
A. Amazon Kinesis Firehose
B. Amazon Kinesis Streams
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. Amazon SQS
Answer:B
streaming（流）  →  A、B（Kinesis 流服务）

★Question 28
A customer's security team requires the logging of all network access attempts to Amazon EC2
instances in their production VPC on AWS.
Which configuration will meet the security team's requirement?
客户的安全团队需要将所有网络访问尝试记录到Amazon EC2
在AWS上的生产VPC中的实例。
哪种配置将满足安全团队的需求?
A. Enable CloudTrail for the production VPC.
B. Enable VPC Flow Logs for the production VPC.
C. Enable both CloudTrail and VPC Flow Logs for the production VPC.
D. Enable both CloudTrail and VPC Flow Logs for the AWS account.
Answer:

★Question 32
You are running a mobile media application and are considering API Gateway for the client entrypoint.
What benefits would this provide? (Select TWO.)
您正在运行一个移动媒体应用程序，并考虑将API网关作为客户端入口点。
这会带来什么好处呢?(选择两个。)
A. Caching API responses
B. IP blacklisting
C. Intrusion prevention
D. Load balancing
E. Throttling traffic
Answer:
API Gateway 优点


★Question 33
Your application currently stores data on an unencrypted EBS volume. A new security policy
mandates that all data must be encrypted at rest. How can you encrypt the data?
您的应用程序目前将数据存储在一个未加密的EBS卷上。
新的安全策略要求所有数据必须在静止状态下进行加密。
如何加密数据?
A. Create a snapshot of the volume. Create a new, encrypted volume from the snapshot. Replace the
volume.
B. Stop the instance. Detach the volume. Modify the EBS settings to encrypt the volume. Reattach the
volume. Start the instance.
C. Create a snapshot of the volume. Make an encrypted copy of the snapshot. Create a new volume from
the new snapshot. Replace the volume.
D. Modify the EBS settings to encrypt the volume. You do need to detach the volume or stop the
instance.
Answer:
EBS加密卷

★Question 34
You have a web portal composed of two services. Each service must scale independently. Both
services should be served under the same domain. Which configuration allows this?
您有一个由两个服务组成的web门户。
每个服务必须独立伸缩。
两个服务应该在同一个域中提供。
哪种配置允许这样做?
A. Use two AWS Application Load Balancers: one for each service. Assign the same CNAME to both.
B. Use one AWS Classic Load Balancer. Create a redirect in the web server based on user's source IPs.
C. Use two AWS Classic Load Balancers: one for each service. Assign the same CNAME to both.
D. Use one AWS Application Load Balancer. Specify listener rules to route requests to each service.
Answer:
       ALB  1，使用动态端口映射
            2，能设置监听规则
 
问题 ： ALB Application Load Balancers

★Question 35
You need a solution to distribute traffic evenly across all of the containers for a task running on
Amazon ECS. Your task definitions define dynamic host port mapping for your containers. What
AWS feature provides this functionality?
您需要一种解决方案，以便在Amazon ECS上运行的任务的所有容器中均匀地分配流量。
任务定义为容器定义了动态主机端口映射。
AWS的哪些特性提供了这个功能?
A. Application Load Balancers support dynamic host port mapping.
B. CloudFront custom origins support dynamic host port mapping.
C. All Elastic Load Balancing instances support dynamic host port mapping.
D. Classic Load Balancers support dynamic host port mapping.
Answer:

★Question 37
A customer has written an application that uses Amazon S3 exclusively as a data store. The application works
well until the customer increases the rate at which the application is updating information. The customer
now reports that outdated data occasionally appears when the application accesses objects in Amazon S3.
What could be the problem, given that the application logic is otherwise correct?
一个客户编写了一个专门使用Amazon S3作为数据存储的应用程序。
应用程序运行良好，直到客户提高应用程序更新信息的速度。
客户现在报告说，当应用程序访问Amazon S3中的对象时，偶尔会出现过时的数据。
如果应用程序逻辑在其他方面是正确的，那么问题是什么呢?
A. The application is reading parts of objects from Amazon S3 using a range header.
B. The application is reading objects from Amazon S3 using parallel object requests.
C. The application is updating records by writing new objects with unique keys.
D. The application is updating records by overwriting existing objects with the same keys.
Answer:
